book_list=value=linenumber=book_factor=chapter													
Goblet of Fire=  By the time Harry arrived in the kitchen, the three Dursleys were already seated around the table. None of them looked up as he entered or sat down. Uncle Vernon's large red face was hidden behind the morning's Daily Mail, and Aunt Petunia was cutting a grapefruit into quarters, her lips pursed over her horselike teeth.  Dudley looked furious and sulky, and somehow seemed to be taking up even more space than usual. This was saying something, as he always took up an entire side of the square table by himself. When Aunt Petunia put a quarter of unsweetened grapefruit onto Dudley's plate with a tremulous There you are, Diddy darling, Dudley glowered at her.  His life had taken a most unpleasant turn since he had come home for the summer with his end-of-year report.  Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia had managed to find excuses for his bad marks as usual: Aunt Petunia always insisted that Dudley was a very gifted boy whose teachers didn't understand him, while Uncle Vernon maintained that he didn't want some swotty little nancy boy for a son anyway. They also skated over the accusations of bullying in the report - He's a boisterous little boy, but he wouldn't hurt a fly! Aunt Petunia had said tearfully.  However, at the bottom of the report there were a few well-chosen comments from the school nurse that not even Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia could explain away. No matter how much Aunt Petunia wailed that Dudley was big-boned, and that his poundage was really puppy fat, and that he was a growing boy who needed plenty of food, the fact remained that the school outfitters didn't stock knickerbockers big enough for him anymore. The school nurse had seen what Aunt Petunia's eyes - so sharp when it came to spotting fingerprints on her gleaming walls, and in observing the comings and goings of the neighbors - simply refused to see: that far from needing extra nourishment, Dudley had reached roughly the size and weight of a young killer whale.  So - after many tantrums, after arguments that shook Harry's bedroom floor, and many tears from Aunt Petunia - the new regime had begun. The diet sheet that had been sent by the Smeltings school nurse had been taped to the fridge, which had been emptied of all Dudley's favorite things - fizzy drinks and cakes, chocolate bars and burgers and filled instead with fruit and vegetables and the sorts of things that Uncle Vernon called rabbit food. To make Dudley feel better about it all, Aunt Petunia had insisted that the whole family follow the diet too. She now passed a grapefruit quarter to Harry. He noticed that it was a lot smaller than Dudley's. Aunt Petunia seemed to feet that the best way to keep up Dudley's morale was to make sure that he did, at least, get more to eat than Harry.  But Aunt Petunia didn't know what was hidden under the loose floorboard upstairs. She had no idea that Harry was not following the diet at all. The moment he had got wind of the fact that he was expected to survive the summer on carrot sticks, Harry had sent Hedwig to his friends with pleas for help, and they had risen to the occasion magnificently. Hedwig had returned from Hermione's house with a large box stuffed full of sugar-free snacks. (Hermione's parents were dentists.) Hagrid, the Hogwarts gamekeeper, had obliged with a sack full of his own homemade rock cakes. (Harry hadn't touched these	 he had had too much experience of Hagrid's cooking.) Mrs. Weasley, however, had sent the family owl, Errol, with an enormous fruitcake and assorted meat pies. Poor Errol, who was elderly and feeble, had needed a full five days to recover from the journey. And then on Harry's birthday (which the Dursleys had completely ignored) he had received four superb birthday cakes, one each from Ron, Hermione, Hagrid, and Sirius. Harry still had two of them left, and so, looking forward to a real breakfast when he got back upstairs, he ate his grapefruit without complaint.  Uncle Vernon laid aside his paper with a deep sniff of disapproval and looked down at his own grapefruit quarter.  Is this it? he said grumpily to Aunt Petunia.  Aunt Petunia gave him a severe look, and then nodded pointedly at Dudley, who had already finished his own grapefruit quarter and was eyeing Harry's with a very sour look in his piggy little eyes.  Uncle Vernon gave a great sigh, which ruffled his large, bushy mustache, and picked up his spoon.  The doorbell rang. Uncle Vernon heaved himself out of his chair and set off down the hall. Quick as a flash, while his mother was occupied with the kettle, Dudley stole the rest of Uncle Vernon's grapefruit.  Harry heard talking at the door, and someone laughing, and Uncle Vernon answering curtly.  Then the front door closed, and the sound of ripping paper came from the hall.  Aunt Petunia set the teapot down on the table and looked curiously around to see where Uncle Vernon had got to. She didn't have to wait long to find out	 after about a minute, he was back. He looked livid.  You, he barked at Harry. In the living room. Now.  Bewildered, wondering what on earth he was supposed to have done this time, Harry got up and followed Uncle Vernon out of the kitchen and into the next room. Uncle Vernon closed the door sharply behind both of them.  So, he said, marching over to the fireplace and turning to face Harry as though he were about to pronounce him under arrest. So.  Harry would have dearly loved to have said, So what? but he didn't feel that Uncle Vernon's temper should be tested this early in the morning, especially when it was already under severe strain from lack of food. He therefore settled for looking politely puzzled.  This just arrived, said Uncle Vernon. He brandished a piece of purple writing paper at Harry. A letter. About you.  Harry's confusion increased. Who would be writing to Uncle Vernon about him? Who did he know who sent letters by the postman?  Uncle Vernon glared at Harry, then looked down at the letter and began to read aloud:  Dear Mr. and Mrs. Dursley, We have never been introduced, but I am sure you have heard a great deal from Harry about my son Ron.  As Harry might have told you, the final of the Quidditch World Cup takes place this Monday night, and my husband, Arthur, has just managed to get prime tickets through his connections at the Department of Magical Games and Sports.  I do hope you will allow us to take Harry to the match, as this really is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity	 Britain hasn't hosted the cup for thirty years, and tickets are extremely hard to come by. We would of course be glad to have Harry stay for the remainder of the summer holidays, and to see him safely onto the train back to school.  It would be best for Harry to send us your answer as quickly as possible in the normal way, because the Muggle postman has never delivered to our house, and I am not sure he even knows where it is.  Hoping to see Harry soon, Yours sincerely, Molly Weasley P.S. I do hope we've put enough stamps on.  Uncle Vernon finished reading, put his hand back into his breast pocket, and drew out something else.  Look at this, he growled.  He held up the envelope in which Mrs. Weasley's letter had come, and Harry had to fight down a laugh. Every bit of it was covered in stamps except for a square inch on the front, into which Mrs. Weasley had squeezed the Dursleys' address in minute writing.  She did put enough stamps on, then, said Harry, trying to sound as though Mrs.  Weasley's was a mistake anyone could make. His uncle's eyes flashed.  The postman noticed, he said through gritted teeth. Very interested to know where this letter came from, he was. That's why he rang the doorbell. Seemed to think it was funny.  Harry didn't say anything. Other people might not understand why Uncle Vernon was making a fuss about too many stamps, but Harry had lived with the Dursleys too long not to know how touchy they were about anything even slightly out of the ordinary. Their worst fear was that someone would find out that they were connected (however distantly) with people like Mrs. Weasley.  Uncle Vernon was still glaring at Harry, who tried to keep his expression neutral. If he  didn't do or say anything stupid, he might just be in for the treat of a lifetime. He waited for Uncle Vernon to say something, but he merely continued to glare. Harry decided to break the silence.  So - can I go then? he asked.  A slight spasm crossed Uncle Vernon's large purple face. The mustache bristled. Harry thought he knew what was going on behind the mustache: a furious battle as two of Uncle Vernon's most fundamental instincts came into conflict. Allowing Harry to go would make Harry happy, something Uncle Vernon had struggled against for thirteen years. On the other hand, allowing Harry to disappear to the Weasleys' for the rest of the summer would get rid of him two weeks earlier than anyone could have hoped, and Uncle Vernon hated having Harry in the house. To give himself thinking time, it seemed, he looked down at Mrs. Weasley's letter again.  Who is this woman? he said, staring at the signature with distaste.  You've seen her, said Harry. She's my friend Ron's mother, she was meeting him off the Hog - off the school train at the end of last term.  He had almost said Hogwarts Express, and that was a sure way to get his uncle's temper up. Nobody ever mentioned the name of Harry's school aloud in the Dursley household.  Uncle Vernon screwed up his enormous face as though trying to remember something very unpleasant.  Dumpy sort of woman? he growled finally. Load of children with red hair?  Harry frowned. He thought it was a bit rich of Uncle Vernon to call anyone dumpy, when his own son, Dudley, had finally achieved what he'd been threatening to do since the age of three, and become wider than he was tall.  Uncle Vernon was perusing the letter again.  Quidditch, he muttered under his breath. Quidditch - what is this rubbish?  Harry felt a second stab of annoyance.  It's a sport, he said shortly. Played on broom-   All right, all right! said Uncle Vernon loudly. Harry saw, with some satisfaction, that his uncle looked vaguely panicky. Apparently his nerves couldn't stand the sound of the word broomsticks in his living room. He took refuge in perusing the letter again.  Harry saw his lips form the words send us your answer ... in the normal way. He scowled.  What does she mean, 'the normal way'? he spat.  Normal for us, said Harry, and before his uncle could stop him, he added, you know, owl post. That's what's normal for wizards.  Uncle Vernon looked as outraged as if Harry had just uttered a disgusting swearword.  Shaking with anger, he shot a nervous look through the window, as though expecting to see some of the neighbors with their ears pressed against the glass.  How many times do I have to tell you not to mention that unnaturalness under my roof?  he hissed, his face now a rich plum color. You stand there, in the clothes Petunia and I have put on your ungrateful back -  Only after Dudley finished with them, said Harry coldly, and indeed, he was dressed in a sweatshirt so large for him that he had had to roll back the sleeves five times so as to be able to use his hands, and which fell past the knees of his extremely baggy jeans.  I will not be spoken to like that! said Uncle Vernon, trembling with rage.  But Harry wasn't going to stand for this. Gone were the days when he had been forced to take every single one of the Dursleys' stupid rules. He wasn't following Dudley's diet, and he wasn't going to let Uncle Vernon stop him from going to the Quidditch World Cup, not if he could help it. Harry took a deep, steadying breath and then said, Okay, I can't see the World Cup. Can I go now, then? Only I've got a letter to Sirius I want to finish. You know - my godfather.  He had done it, he had said the magic words. Now he watched the purple recede blotchily from Uncle Vernon's face, making it look like badly mixed black currant ice cream.  You're - you're writing to him, are you? said Uncle Vernon, in a would-be calm voice -but Harry had seen the pupils of his tiny eyes contract with sudden fear.  Well - yeah, said Harry, casually. It's been a while since he heard from me, and, you know, if he doesn't he might start thinking something's wrong.  He stopped there to enjoy the effect of these words. He could almost see the cogs working under Uncle Vernon's thick, dark, neatly parted hair. If he tried to stop Harry writing to Sirius, Sirius would think Harry was being mistreated. If he told Harry he couldn't go to the Quidditch World Cup, Harry would write and tell Sirius, who would know  Harry was being mistreated. There was only one thing for Uncle Vernon to do. Harry could see the conclusion forming in his uncle's mind as though the great mustached face were transparent. Harry tried not to smile, to keep his own face as blank as possible.  And then -  Well, all right then. You can go to this ruddy ... this stupid ... this World Cup thing. You write and tell these - these Weasleys they're to pick you up, mind. I haven't got time to go dropping you off all over the country. And you can spend the rest of the summer there. And you can tell your - your godfather ... tell him ... tell him you're going.  Okay then, said Harry brightly.  He turned and walked toward the living room door, fighting the urge to jump into the air and whoop. He was going ... he was going to the Weasleys', he was going to watch the Quidditch World Cup!  Outside in the hall he nearly ran into Dudley, who had been lurking behind the door, clearly hoping to overhear Harry being told off. He looked shocked to see the broad grin on Harry's face.  That was an excellent breakfast, wasn't it? said Harry. I feel really full, don't you?  Laughing at the astonished look on Dudley's face, Harry took the stairs three at a time, and hurled himself back into his bedroom.  The first thing he saw was that Hedwig was back. She was sitting in her cage, staring at Harry with her enormous amber eyes, and clicking her beak in the way that meant she was annoyed about something. Exactly what was annoying her became apparent almost at once.  OUCH! said Harry as what appeared to be a small, gray, feathery tennis ball collided with the side of his head. Harry massaged the spot furiously, looking up to see what had hit him, and saw a minute owl, small enough to fit into the palm of his hand, whizzing excitedly around the room like a loose firework. Harry then realized that the owl had dropped a letter at his feet. Harry bent down, recognized Ron's handwriting, then tore open the envelope. Inside was a hastily scribbled note.  Harry - DAD GOT THE TICKETS - Ireland versus Bulgaria, Monday night. Mum's writing to the Muggles to ask you to stay. They might already have the letter, I don't know how fast Muggle post is. Thought I'd send this with Pig anyway.  Harry stared at the word Pig, then looked up at the tiny owl now zooming around the light fixture on the ceiling. He had never seen anything that looked less like a pig.  Maybe he couldn't read Ron's writing. He went back to the letter:  We're coming for you whether the Muggles like it or not, you can't miss the World Cup, only Mum and Dad reckon it's better if we pretend to ask their permission first. If they say yes, send Pig back with your answer pronto, and we'll come and get you at five o'clock on Sunday. If they say no, send Pig back pronto and we'll come and get you at five o'clock on Sunday anyway.  Hermione's arriving this afternoon. Percy's started work - the Department of International Magical Cooperation. Don't mention anything about Abroad while you're here unless you want the pants bored off you.  See you soon - Ron Calm down! Harry said as the small owl flew low over his head, twittering madly with what Harry could only assume was pride at having delivered the letter to the right person. Come here, I need you to take my answer back!  The owl fluttered down on top of Hedwig's cage. Hedwig looked coldly up at it, as though daring it to try and come any closer.  Harry seized his eagle-feather quill once more, grabbed a fresh piece of parchment, and wrote:  Ron, it's all okay, the Muggles say I can come. See you five o'clock tomorrow. Can't wait. Harry He folded this note up very small, and with immense difficulty, tied it to the tiny owl's leg as it hopped on the spot with excitement. The moment the note was secure, the owl  was off again	 it zoomed out of the window and out of sight.  Harry turned to Hedwig.  Feeling up to a long journey? he asked her.  Hedwig hooted in a dignified sort of a way.  Can you take this to Sirius for me? he said, picking up his letter. Hang on ... I just want to finish it.  He unfolded the parchment and hastily added a postscript.  If you want to contact me, I'll be at my friend Ron Weasley's for the rest of the summer.  His dad's got us tickets for the Quidditch World Cup!  The letter finished, he tied it to Hedwig's leg	 she kept unusually still, as though determined to show him how a real post owl should behave.  I'll be at Ron's when you get back, all right? Harry told her.  She nipped his finger affectionately, then, with a soft swooshing noise, spread her enormous wings and soared out of the open window.  Harry watched her out of sight, then crawled under his bed, wrenched up the loose floorboard, and pulled out a large chunk of birthday cake. He sat there on the floor eating it, savoring the happiness that was flooding through him. He had cake, and Dudley had nothing but grapefruit	 it was a bright summer's day, he would be leaving Privet Drive tomorrow, his scar felt perfectly normal again, and he was going to watch the Quidditch World Cup. It was hard, just now, to feel worried about anything - even Lord Voldemort.,61,Goblet of Fire,3							
Goblet of Fire=  By twelve o'clock the next day, Harry's school trunk was packed with his school things and all his most prized possessions - the Invisibility Cloak he had inherited from his father, the broomstick he had gotten from Sirius, the enchanted map of Hogwarts he had been given by Fred and George Weasley last year. He had emptied his hiding place under the loose floorboard of all food, double-checked every nook and cranny of his bedroom for forgotten spellbooks or quills, and taken down the chart on the wall counting down the days to September the first, on which he liked to cross off the days remaining until his return to Hogwarts.  The atmosphere inside number four, Privet Drive was extremely tense. The imminent arrival at their house of an assortment of wizards was making the Dursleys uptight and irritable.  Uncle Vernon had looked downright alarmed when Harry informed him that the Weasleys would be arriving at five o'clock the very next day.  I hope you told them to dress properly, these people, he snarled at once. I've seen the sort of stuff your lot wear. They'd better have the decency to put on normal clothes, that's all.  Harry felt a slight sense of foreboding. He had rarely seen Mr. or Mrs. Weasley wearing anything that the Dursleys would call normal. Their children might don Muggle clothing during the holidays, but Mr. and Mrs. Weasley usually wore long robes in varying states of shabbiness. Harry wasn't bothered about what the neighbors would think, but he was anxious about how rude the Dursleys might be to the Weasleys if they turned up looking like their worst idea of wizards.  Uncle Vernon had put on his best suit. To some people, this might have looked like a gesture of welcome, but Harry knew it was because Uncle Vernon wanted to look impressive and intimidating. Dudley, on the other hand, looked somehow diminished. This was not because the diet was at last taking effect, but due to fright. Dudley had emerged from his last encounter with a fully grown wizard with a curly pig's tail poking out of the seat of his trousers, and Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon had had to pay for its removal at a private hospital in London. It wasn't altogether surprising, therefore, that Dudley kept running his hand nervously over his backside, and walking sideways from room to room, so as not to present the same target to the enemy.  Lunch was an almost silent meal. Dudley didn't even protest at the food (cottage cheese and grated celery). Aunt Petunia wasn't, eating anything at all. Her arms were folded, her lips were pursed, and she seemed to be chewing her tongue, as though biting back the furious diatribe she longed to throw at Harry.  They'll be driving, of course? Uncle Vernon barked across the table.  Er, said Harry.  He hadn't thought of that. How were the Weasleys going to pick him up? They didn't have a car anymore	 the old Ford Anglia they had once owned was currently running wild in the Forbidden Forest at Hogwarts. But Mr. Weasley had borrowed a Ministry of Magic car last year	 possibly he would do the same today?  I think so, said Harry.  Uncle Vernon snorted into his mustache. Normally, Uncle Vernon would have asked what car Mr. Weasley drove	 he tended to judge other men by how big and expensive their cars were.  But Harry doubted whether Uncle Vernon would have taken to Mr. Weasley even if he drove a Ferrari.  Harry spent most of the afternoon in his bedroom	 he couldn't stand watching Aunt Petunia peer out through the net curtains every few seconds, as though there had been a warning about an escaped rhinoceros. Finally, at a quarter to five, Harry went back downstairs and into the living room.  Aunt Petunia was compulsively straightening cushions. Uncle Vernon was pretending to read the paper, but his tiny eyes were not moving, and Harry was sure he was really listening with all his might for the sound of an approaching car. Dudley was crammed into an armchair, his porky hands beneath him, clamped firmly around his bottom. Harry couldn't take the tension	 he left the room and went and sat on the stairs in the hall, his eyes on his watch and his heart pumping fast from excitement and nerves.  But five o'clock came and then went. Uncle Vernon, perspiring slightly in his suit, opened the front door, peered up and down the street, then withdrew his head quickly.  They're late! he snarled at Harry.  I know, said Harry. Maybe - er - the traffic's bad, or something.  Ten past five ... then a quarter past five ... Harry was starting to feel anxious himself now. At half past, he heard Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia conversing in terse mutters in the living room.  No consideration at all.  We might've had an engagement.  Maybe they think they'll get invited to dinner if they're late.  Well, they most certainly won't be, said Uncle Vernon, and Harry heard him stand up and start pacing the living room. They'll take the boy and go, there'll be no hanging around. That's if they're coming at all. Probably mistaken the day. I daresay their kind don't set much store by punctuality. Either that or they drive some tin-pot car that's broken d- AAAAAAAARRRRRGH!  Harry jumped up. From the other side of the living room door came the sounds of the three Dursleys scrambling, panic-stricken, across the room. Next moment Dudley came flying into the hall, looking terrified.  What happened? said Harry. What's the matter?  But Dudley didn't seem able to speak. Hands still clamped over his buttocks, he waddled as fast as he could into the kitchen. Harry hurried into the living room.  Loud bangings and scrapings were coming from behind the Dursleys' boarded-up fireplace, which had a fake coal fire plugged in front of it.  What is it? gasped Aunt Petunia, who had backed into the wall and was staring, terrified, toward the fire. What is it, Vernon?  But they were left in doubt barely a second longer. Voices could be heard from inside the blocked fireplace.  Ouch! Fred, no - go back, go back, there's been some kind of mistake - tell George not to - OUCH! George, no, there's no room, go back quickly and tell Ron-  Maybe Harry can hear us, Dad - maybe he'll be able to let us out-  There was a loud hammering of fists on the boards behind the electric fire.  Harry? Harry, can you hear us?  The Dursleys rounded on Harry like a pair of angry wolverines.  What is this? growled Uncle Vernon. What's going on?  They - they've tried to get here by Floo powder, said Harry, fighting a mad desire to laugh. They can travel by fire - only you've blocked the fireplace - hang on -  He approached the fireplace and called through the boards.  Mr. Weasley? Can you hear me?  The hammering stopped. Somebody inside the chimney piece said, Shh!  Mr. Weasley, it's Harry ... the fireplace has been blocked up. You won't be able to get through there.  Damn! said Mr. Weasley's voice. What on earth did they want to block up the fireplace for?  They've got an electric fire, Harry explained.  Really? said Mr. Weasley's voice excitedly. Eclectic, you say? With a plug?  Gracious, I must see that.... Let's think ... ouch, Ron!  Ron's voice now joined the others'.  What are we doing here? Has something gone wrong?  Oh no, Ron, came Fred's voice, very sarcastically. No, this is exactly where we wanted to end up.  Yeah, we're having the time of our lives here, said George, whose voice sounded muffled, as though he was squashed against the wall.  Boys, boys. . . said Mr. Weasley vaguely. I'm trying to think what to do.... Yes ...  only way. . . Stand back, Harry.  Harry retreated to the sofa. Uncle Vernon, however, moved forward.  Wait a moment! he bellowed at the fire. What exactly are you going to -  BANG.  The electric fire shot across the room as the boarded-up fireplace burst outward, expelling Mr. Weasley, Fred, George, and Ron in a cloud of rubble and loose chippings.  Aunt Petunia shrieked and fell backward over the coffee table	 Uncle Vernon caught her before she hit the floor, and gaped, speechless, at the Weasleys, all of whom had bright red hair, including Fred and George, who were identical to the last freckle.  That's better, panted Mr. Weasley, brushing dust from his long green robes and straightening his glasses. Ah - you must be Harry's aunt and uncle!  Tall, thin, and balding, he moved toward Uncle Vernon, his hand outstretched, but Uncle Vernon backed away several paces, dragging Aunt Petunia. Words utterly failed Uncle Vernon. His best suit was covered in white dust, which had settled in his hair and mustache and made him look as though he had just aged thirty years.  Er - yes - sorry about that, said Mr. Weasley, lowering his hand and looking over his shoulder at the blasted fireplace. It's all my fault. It just didn't occur to me that we wouldn't be able to get out at the other end. I had your fireplace connected to the Floo Network, you see - just for an afternoon, you know, so we could get Harry. Muggle fireplaces aren't supposed to be connected, strictly speaking - but I've got a useful contact at the Floo Regulation Panel and he fixed it for me. I can put it right in a jiffy, though, don't worry. I'll light a fire to send the boys back, and then I can repair your fireplace before I Disapparate.  Harry was ready to bet that the Dursleys hadn't understood a single word of this. They were still gaping at Mr. Weasley, thunderstruck. Aunt Petunia staggered upright again and hid behind Uncle Vernon.  Hello, Harry! said Mr. Weasley brightly. Got your trunk ready?  It's upstairs, said Harry, grinning back.  We'll get it, said Fred at once. Winking at Harry, he and George left the room. They knew where Harry's bedroom was, having once rescued him from it in the dead of night.  Harry suspected that Fred and George were hoping for a glimpse of Dudley	 they had heard a lot about him from Harry.  Well, said Mr. Weasley, swinging his arms slightly, while he tried to find words to break the very nasty silence. Very - erm - very nice place you've got here.  As the usually spotless living room was now covered in dust and bits of brick, this remark didn't go down too well with the Dursleys. Uncle Vernon's face purpled once more, and Aunt Petunia started chewing her tongue again. However, they seemed too scared to actually say anything.  Mr. Weasley was looking around. He loved everything to do with Muggles. Harry could see him itching to go and examine the television and the video recorder.  They run off eckeltricity, do they? he said knowledgeably. Ah yes, I can see the plugs. I collect plugs, he added to Uncle Vernon. And batteries. Got a very large collection of batteries. My wife thinks I'm mad, but there you are.  Uncle Vernon clearly thought Mr. Weasley was mad too. He moved ever so slightly to the right, screening Aunt Petunia from view, as though he thought Mr. Weasley might suddenly run at them and attack.  Dudley suddenly reappeared in the room. Harry could hear the clunk of his trunk on the stairs, and knew that the sounds had scared Dudley out of the kitchen. Dudley edged along the wall, gazing at Mr. Weasley with terrified eyes, and attempted to conceal  himself behind his mother and father. Unfortunately, Uncle Vernon's bulk, while sufficient to hide bony Aunt Petunia, was nowhere near enough to conceal Dudley.  Ah, this is your cousin, is it, Harry? said Mr. Weasley, taking another brave stab at making conversation.  Yep, said Harry, that's Dudley.  He and Ron exchanged glances and then quickly looked away from each other	 the temptation to burst out laughing was almost overwhelming. Dudley was still clutching his bottom as though afraid it might fall off. Mr. Weasley, however, seemed genuinely concerned at Dudley's peculiar behavior. Indeed, from the tone of his voice when he next spoke, Harry was quite sure that Mr. Weasley thought Dudley was quite as mad as the Dursleys thought he was, except that Mr. Weasley felt sympathy rather than fear.  Having a good holiday, Dudley? he said kindly.  Dudley whimpered. Harry saw his hands tighten still harder over his massive backside.  Fred and George came back into the room carrying Harry's school trunk. They glanced around as they entered and spotted Dudley. Their faces cracked into identical evil grins.  Ah, right, said Mr. Weasley. Better get cracking then.  He pushed up the sleeves of his robes and took out his wand. Harry saw the Dursleys draw back against the wall as one.  Incendio! said Mr. Weasley, pointing his wand at the hole in the wall behind him.  Flames rose at once in the fireplace, crackling merrily as though they had been burning for hours. Mr. Weasley took a small drawstring bag from his pocket, untied it, took a pinch of the powder inside, and threw it onto the flames, which turned emerald green and roared higher than ever.  Off you go then, Fred, said Mr. Weasley.  Coming, said Fred. Oh no - hang on -  A bag of sweets had spilled out of Fred's pocket and the contents were now rolling in every direction - big, fat toffees in brightly colored wrappers.  Fred scrambled around, cramming them back into his pocket, then gave the Dursleys a cheery wave, stepped forward, and walked right into the fire, saying the Burrow! Aunt Petunia gave a little shuddering gasp. There was a whooshing sound, and Fred vanished.  Right then, George, said Mr. Weasley, you and the trunk.  Harry helped George carry the trunk forward into the flames and turn it onto its end so that he could hold it better. Then, with a second whoosh, George had cried the Burrow!  and vanished too.  Ron, you next, said Mr. Weasley.  See you, said Ron brightly to the Dursleys. He grinned broadly at Harry, then stepped into the fire, shouted the Burrow! and disappeared.  Now Harry and Mr. Weasley alone remained.  Well . . . 'bye then, Harry said to the Dursleys.  They didn't say anything at all. Harry moved toward the fire, but just as he reached the edge of the hearth, Mr. Weasley put out a hand and held him back. He was looking at the Dursleys in amazement.  Harry said good-bye to you, he said. Didn't you hear him?  It doesn't matter, Harry muttered to Mr. Weasley. Honestly, I don't care.  Mr. Weasley did not remove his hand from Harry's shoulder.  You aren't going to see your nephew till next summer, he said to Uncle Vernon in mild indignation. Surely you're going to say good-bye?  Uncle Vernon's face worked furiously. The idea of being taught consideration by a man who had just blasted away half his living room wall seemed to be causing him intense suffering. But Mr. Weasley's wand was still in his hand, and Uncle Vernon's tiny eyes darted to it once, before he said, very resentfully, Good-bye, then.  See you, said Harry, putting one foot forward into the green flames, which felt pleasantly like warm breath. At that moment, however, a horrible gagging sound erupted behind him, and Aunt Petunia started to scream.  Harry wheeled around. Dudley was no longer standing behind his parents. He was kneeling beside the coffee table, and he was gagging and sputtering on a foot-long, purple, slimy thing that was protruding from his mouth. One bewildered second later, Harry realized that the foot-long thing was Dudley's tongue - and that a brightly colored toffee wrapper lay on the floor before him.  Aunt Petunia hurled herself onto the ground beside Dudley, seized the end of his swollen  tongue, and attempted to wrench it out of his mouth	 unsurprisingly, Dudley yelled and sputtered worse than ever, trying to fight her off. Uncle Vernon was bellowing and waving his arms around, and Mr. Weasley had to shout to make himself heard.  Not to worry, I can sort him out! he yelled, advancing on Dudley with his wand outstretched, but Aunt Petunia screamed worse than ever and threw herself on top of Dudley, shielding him from Mr. Weasley.  No, really! said Mr. Weasley desperately. It's a simple process it was the toffee -my son Fred - real practical joker - but it's only an Engorgement Charm - at least, I think it is - please, I can correct it -  But far from being reassured, the Dursleys became more panic- stricken	 Aunt Petunia was sobbing hysterically, tugging Dudley's tongue as though determined to rip it out	 Dudley appeared to be suffocating under the combined pressure of his mother and his tongue	 and Uncle Vernon, who had lost control completely, seized a china figure from on top of the sideboard and threw it very hard at Mr. Weasley, who ducked, causing the ornament to shatter in the blasted fireplace.  Now really! said Mr. Weasley angrily, brandishing his wand. I'm trying to help!  Bellowing like a wounded hippo, Uncle Vernon snatched up another ornament.  Harry, go! Just go! Mr. Weasley shouted, his wand on Uncle Vernon. I'll sort this out!  Harry didn't want to miss the fun, but Uncle Vernon's second ornament narrowly missed his left ear, and on balance he thought it best to leave the situation to Mr. Weasley. He stepped into the fire, looking over his shoulder as he said the Burrow! His last fleeting glimpse of the living room was of Mr. Weasley blasting a third ornament out of Uncle Vernon's hand with his wand, Aunt Petunia screaming and lying on top of Dudley, and Dudley's tongue lolling around like a great slimy python. But next moment Harry had begun to spin very fast, and the Dursleys' living room was whipped out of sight in a rush of emerald-green flames.,62,Goblet of Fire,4	
Goblet of Fire=  Harry spun faster and faster, elbows tucked tightly to his sides, blurred fireplaces flashing past him, until he started to feel sick and closed his eyes. Then, when at last he felt himself slowing down, he threw out his hands and came to a halt in time to prevent himself from falling face forward out of the Weasleys' kitchen fire.  Did he eat it? said Fred excitedly, holding out a hand to pull Harry to his fee Yeah, said Harry, straightening up. What was it?  Ton-Tongue Toffee, said Fred brightly. George and I invented them, and we've been looking for someone to test them on all summer. . . .  The tiny kitchen exploded with laughter	 Harry looked around and saw that Ron and George were sitting at the scrubbed wooden table with two red-haired people Harry had never seen before, though he knew immediately who they must be: Bill and Charlie, the two eldest Weasley brothers.  How're you doing, Harry? said the nearer of the two, grinning at him and holding out a large hand, which Harry shook, feeling calluses and blisters under his fingers. This had to be Charlie, who worked with dragons in Romania. Charlie was built like the twins, shorter and stockier than Percy and Ron, who were both long and lanky. He had a broad, good-natured face, which was weather-beaten and so freckly that he looked almost tanned	 his arms were muscular, and one of them had a large, shiny burn on it.  Bill got to his feet, smiling, and also shook Harry's hand. Bill came as something of a surprise. Harry knew that he worked for the wizarding bank, Gringotts, and that Bill had been Head Boy at Hogwarts	 Harry had always imagined Bill to be an older version of Percy: fussy about rule-breaking and fond of bossing everyone around. However, Bill was - there was no other word for it - cool. He was tall, with long hair that he had tied back in a ponytail. He was wearing an earring with what looked like a fang dangling from it. Bill's clothes would not have looked out of place at a rock concert, except that Harry recognized his boots to be made, not of leather, but of dragon hide.  Before any of them could say anything else, there was a faint popping noise, and Mr.  Weasley appeared out of thin air at George's shoulder. He was looking angrier than Harry had ever seen him.  That wasn't funny Fred! he shouted. What on earth did you give that Muggle boy?  I didn't give him anything, said Fred, with another evil grin. I just dropped it....  It was his fault he went and ate it, I never told him to.  You dropped it on purpose! roared Mr. Weasley. You knew he'd eat it, you knew he was on a diet -  How big did his tongue get? George asked eagerly.  It was four feet long before his parents would let me shrink it!  Harry and the Weasleys roared with laughter again.  It isn't funny! Mr. Weasley shouted. That sort of behavior seriously undermines wizard-Muggle relations! I spend half my life campaigning against the mistreatment of Muggles, and my own sons We didn't give it to him because he's a Muggle! said Fred indignantly.  No, we gave it to him because he's a great bullying git, said George. Isn't he, Harry?  Yeah, he is, Mr. Weasley, said Harry earnestly.  That's not the point! raged Mr. Weasley. You wait until I tell your mother -  Tell me what? said a voice behind them.  Mrs. Weasley had just entered the kitchen. She was a short, plump woman with a very kind face, though her eyes were presently narrowed with suspicion.  Oh hello, Harry, dear, she said, spotting him and smiling. Then her eyes snapped back to her husband. Tell me what, Arthur?  Mr. Weasley hesitated. Harry could tell that, however angry he was with Fred and George, he hadn't really intended to tell Mrs. Weasley what had happened. There was a silence, while Mr. Weasley eyed his wife nervously. Then two girls appeared in the kitchen doorway behind Mrs. Weasley. One, with very bushy brown hair and rather large front teeth, was Harry's and Ron's friend, Hermione Granger. The other, who was small and red-haired, was Ron's younger sister, Ginny. Both of them smiled at Harry, who grinned back, which made Ginny go scarlet - she had been very taken with Harry ever since his first visit to the Burrow.  Tell me what, Arthur? Mrs. Weasley repeated, in a dangerous sort of voice.  It's nothing, Molly, mumbled Mr. Weasley, Fred and George just - but I've had words with them -  What have they done this time? said Mrs. Weasley. If it's got anything to do with Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes -  Why don't you show Harry where he's sleeping, Ron? said Hermione from the doorway.  He knows where he's sleeping, said Ron, in my room, he slept there last -  We can all go, said Hermione pointedly.  Oh, said Ron, cottoning on. Right.  Yeah, we'll come too, said George.  You stay where you are! snarled Mrs. Weasley.  Harry and Ron edged out of the kitchen, and they, Hermione, and Ginny set off along the narrow hallway and up the rickety staircase that zigzagged through the house to the upper stories.  What are Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes? Harry asked as they climbed.  Ron and Ginny both laughed, although Hermione didn't.  Mum found this stack of order forms when she was cleaning Fred and George's room, said Ron quietly. Great long price lists for stuff they've invented. Joke stuff, you know.  Fake wands and trick sweets, loads of stuff. It was brilliant, I never knew they'd been inventing all that . . .  We've been hearing explosions out of their room for ages, but we never thought they were actually making things, said Ginny. We thought they just liked the noise.  Only, most of the stuff - well, all of it, really - was a bit dangerous, said Ron, and, you know, they were planning to sell it at Hogwarts to make some money, and Mum went mad at them. Told them they weren't allowed to make any more of it, and burned all the order forms.... She's furious at them anyway. They didn't get as many O.W.L.s as she expected.  O.W.L.s were Ordinary Wizarding Levels, the examinations Hogwarts students took at the age of fifteen.  And then there was this big row, Ginny said, because Mum wants them to go into the Ministry of Magic like Dad, and they told her all they want to do is open a joke shop.  Just then a door on the second landing opened, and a face poked out wearing horn-rimmed glasses and a very annoyed expression.  Hi, Percy, said Harry.  Oh hello, Harry, said Percy. I was wondering who was making all the noise. I'm trying to work in here, you know I've got a report to finish for the office - and it's rather difficult to concentrate when people keep thundering up and down the stairs.  We're not thundering, said Ron irritably. We're walking. Sorry if we've disturbed the top-secret workings of the Ministry of Magic.  What are you working on? said Harry.  A report for the Department of International Magical Cooperation, said Percy smugly.  We're trying to standardize cauldron thickness. Some of these foreign imports are just a shade too thin - leakages have been increasing at a rate of almost three percent a year -  That'll change the world, that report will, said Ron. Front page of the Daily Prophet, I expect, cauldron leaks.  Percy went slightly pink.  You might sneer, Ron, he said heatedly, but unless some sort of international law is imposed we might well find the market flooded with flimsy, shallow-bottomed products that seriously endanger -  Yeah, yeah, all right, said Ron, and he started off upstairs again. Percy slammed his bedroom door shut. As Harry, Hermione, and Ginny followed Ron up three more flights of stairs, shouts from the kitchen below echoed up to them. It sounded as though Mr.  Weasley had told Mrs. Weasley about the toffees.  The room at the top of the house where Ron slept looked much as it had the last time that Harry had come to stay: the same posters of Ron's favorite Quidditch team, the Chudley Cannons, were whirling and waving on the walls and sloping ceiling, and the fish tank on the windowsill, which had previously held frog spawn, now contained one extremely large frog. Ron's old rat, Scabbers, was here no more, but instead there was the tiny gray owl that had delivered Ron's letter to Harry in Privet Drive. It was hopping up and down in a small cage and twittering madly.  Shut up, Pig, said Ron, edging his way between two of the four beds that had been squeezed into the room. Fred and George are in here with us, because Bill and Charlie are in their room, he told Harry. Percy gets to keep his room all to himself because he's got to work.  Er - why are you calling that owl Pig? Harry asked Ron.  Because he's being stupid, said Ginny, Its proper name is Pigwidgeon.  Yeah, and that's not a stupid name at all, said Ron sarcastically. Ginny named him,  he explained to Harry. She reckons it's sweet. And I tried to change it, but it was too late, he won't answer to anything else. So now he's Pig. I've got to keep him up here because he annoys Errol and Hermes. He annoys me too, come to that.  Pigwidgeon zoomed happily around his cage, hooting shrilly. Harry knew Ron too well to take him seriously. He had moaned continually about his old rat, Scabbers, but had been most upset when Hermione's cat, Crookshanks, appeared to have eaten him.  Where's Crookshanks? Harry asked Hermione now.  Out in the garden, I expect, she said. He likes chasing gnomes. He's never seen any before.  Percy's enjoying work, then? said Harry, sitting down on one of the beds and watching the Chudley Cannons zooming in and out of the posters on the ceiling.  Enjoying it? said Ron darkly. I don't reckon he'd come home if Dad didn't make him.  He's obsessed. Just don't get him onto the subject of his boss. According to Mr. Crouch ... as I was saying to Mr. Crouch ... Mr. Crouch is of the opinion ... Mr. Crouch was telling me ... They'll be announcing their engagement any day now.  Have you had a good summer, Harry? said Hermione. Did you get our food parcels and everything?  Yeah, thanks a lot,  said Harry. They saved my life, those cakes.  And have you heard from -? Ron began, but at a look from Hermione he fell silent.  Harry knew Ron had been about to ask about Sirius. Ron and Hermione had been so deeply involved in helping Sirius escape from the Ministry of Magic that they were almost as concerned about Harry's godfather as he was. However, discussing him in front of Ginny was a bad idea. Nobody but themselves and Professor Dumbledore knew about how Sirius had escaped, or believed in his innocence.  I think they've stopped arguing, said Hermione, to cover the awkward moment, because Ginny was looking curiously from Ron to Harry. Shall we go down and help your mum with dinner?  Yeah, all right, said Ron. The four of them left Ron's room and went back downstairs to find Mrs. Weasley alone in the kitchen, looking extremely bad-tempered.  We're eating out in the garden, she said when they came in. There's just not room for eleven people in here. Could you take the plates outside, girls? Bill and Charlie are setting up the tables. Knives and forks, please, you two, she said to Ron and Harry, pointing her wand a little more vigorously than she had intended at a pile of potatoes in the sink, which shot out of their skins so fast that they ricocheted off the walls and ceiling.  Oh for heaven's sake, she snapped, now directing her wand at a dustpan, which hopped off the sideboard and started skating across the floor, scooping up the potatoes. Those two! she burst out savagely, now pulling pots and pans out of a cupboard, and Harry knew she meant Fred and George. I don't know what's going to happen to them, I really don't.  No ambition, unless you count making as much trouble as they possibly can....  Mrs. Weasley slammed a large copper saucepan down on the kitchen table and began to wave her wand around inside it. A creamy sauce poured from the wand tip as she stirred.  It's not as though they haven't got brains, she continued irritably, taking the saucepan over to the stove and lighting it with a further poke of her wand, but they're wasting them, and unless they pull themselves together soon, they'll be in real trouble. I've had more owls from Hogwarts about them than the rest put together. If they carry on the way they're going, they'll end up in front of the Improper Use of Magic Office.  Mrs. Weasley jabbed her wand at the cutlery drawer, which shot open. Harry and Ron both jumped out of the way as several knives soared out of it, flew across the kitchen, and began chopping the potatoes, which had just been tipped back into the sink by the dustpan.  I don't know where we went wrong with them, said Mrs. Weasley, putting down her wand and starting to pull out still more saucepans. It's been the same for years, one thing after another, and they won't listen to - OH NOT AGAIN!  She had picked up her wand from the table, and it had emitted a loud squeak and turned into a giant rubber mouse.  One of their fake wands again! she shouted. How many times have I told them not to leave them lying around?  She grabbed her real wand and turned around to find that the sauce on the stove was smoking.  C'mon, Ron said hurriedly to Harry, seizing a handful of cutlery from the open drawer, let's go and help Bill and Charlie.  They left Mrs. Weasley and headed out the back door into the yard.  They had only gone a few paces when Hermione's bandy-legged ginger cat, Crookshanks, came pelting out of the garden, bottle-brush tail held high in the air, chasing what looked like a muddy potato on legs. Harry recognized it instantly as a gnome. Barely ten inches high, its horny little feet pattered very fast as it sprinted across the yard and dived headlong into one of the Wellington boots that lay scattered around the door.  Harry could hear the gnome giggling madly as Crookshanks inserted a paw into the boot, trying to reach it. Meanwhile, a very loud crashing noise was coming from the other side of the house. The source of the commotion was revealed as they entered the garden, and saw that Bill and Charlie both had their wands out, and were making two battered old tables fly high above the lawn, smashing into each other, each attempting to knock the other's out of the air. Fred and George were cheering, Ginny was laughing, and Hermione was hovering near the hedge, apparently torn between amusement and anxiety.  Bill's table caught Charlie's with a huge bang and knocked one of its legs off. There was a clatter from overhead, and they all looked up to see Percy's head poking out of a window on the second floor.  Will you keep it down?! he bellowed.  Sorry, Perce, said Bill, grinning. How're the cauldron bottoms coming on?  Very badly, said Percy peevishly, and he slammed the window shut. Chuckling, Bill and Charlie directed the tables safely onto the grass, end to end, and then, with a flick of his wand, Bill reattached the table leg and conjured tablecloths from nowhere.  By seven o'clock, the two tables were groaning under dishes and dishes of Mrs. Weasley's excellent cooking, and the nine Weasleys, Harry, and Hermione were settling themselves down to eat beneath a clear, deep-blue sky. To somebody who had been living on meals of increasingly stale cake all summer, this was paradise, and at first, Harry listened rather than talked as he helped himself to chicken and ham pie, boiled potatoes, and  salad.  At the far end of the table, Percy was telling his father all about his report on cauldron bottoms.  I've told Mr. Crouch that I'll have it ready by Tuesday, Percy was saying pompously.  That's a bit sooner than he expected it, but I like to keep on top of things. I think he'll be grateful I've done it in good time, I mean, its extremely busy in our department just now, what with all the arrangements for the World Cup. We're just not getting the support we need from the Department of Magical Games and Sports. Ludo Bagman -  I like Ludo, said Mr. Weasley mildly. He was the one who got us such good tickets for the Cup. I did him a bit of a favor: His brother, Otto, got into a spot of trouble - a lawnmower with unnatural powers - I smoothed the whole thing over.  Oh Bagman's likable enough, of course, said Percy dismissively, but how he ever got to be Head of Department ... when I compare him to Mr. Crouch! I can't see Mr. Crouch losing a member of our department and not trying to find out what's happened to them.  You realize Bertha Jorkins has been missing for over a month now? Went on holiday to Albania and never came back?  Yes, I was asking Ludo about that, said Mr. Weasley, frowning. He says Bertha's gotten lost plenty of times before now - though must say, if it was someone in my department, I'd be worried. . . .  Oh Bertha's hopeless, all right, said Percy. I hear she's been shunted from department to department for years, much more trouble than she's worth ... but all the same, Bagman ought to be trying to find her. Mr. Crouch has been taking a personal interest, she worked in our department at one time, you know, and I think Mr. Crouch was quite fond of her - but Bagman just keeps laughing and saying she probably misread the map and ended up in Australia instead of Albania. However - Percy heaved an impressive sigh and took a deep swig of elderflower wine - we've got quite enough on our plates at the Department of International Magical Cooperation without trying to find members of other departments too. As you know, we've got another big event to organize right after the World Cup.  Percy cleared his throat significantly and looked down toward the end of the table where Harry, Ron, and Hermione were sitting. You know the one I'm talking about, Father. He raised his voice slightly. The top-secret one.  Ron rolled his eyes and muttered to Harry and Hermione, He's been trying to get us to ask what that event is ever since he started work. Probably an exhibition of thick-bottomed cauldrons.  In the middle of the table, Mrs. Weasley was arguing with Bill about his earring, which seemed to be a recent acquisition.  . . . with a horrible great fang on it. Really, Bill, what do they say at the bank?  Mum,.no one at the bank gives a damn how I dress as long as I bring home plenty of treasure, said Bill patiently.  And your hair's getting silly, dear, said Mrs. Weasley, fingering her wand lovingly. I wish you'd let me give it a trim. . . .  I like it, said Ginny, who was sitting beside Bill. You're so old-fashioned, Mum.  Anyway, it's nowhere near as long as Professor Dumbledore's....  Next to Mrs. Weasley, Fred, George, and Charlie were all talking spiritedly about the World Cup.  It's got to be Ireland, said Charlie thickly, through a mouthful of potato. They flattened Peru in the semifinals.  Bulgaria has got Viktor Krum, though, said Fred.  Krum's one decent player, Ireland has got seven, said Charlie shortly. I wish England had got through. That was embarrassing, that was.  What happened? said Harry eagerly, regretting more than ever his isolation from the wizarding world when he was stuck on Privet Drive.  Went down to Transylvania, three hundred and ninety to ten, said Charlie gloomily.  Shocking performance. And Wales lost to Uganda, and Scotland was slaughtered by Luxembourg.  Harry had been on the Gryffindor House Quidditch team ever since his first year at Hogwarts and owned one of the best racing brooms in the world, a Firebolt. Flying came more naturally to Harry than anything else in the magical world, and he played in the position of Seeker on the Gryffindor House team.  Mr. Weasley conjured up candles to light the darkening garden before they had their  homemade strawberry ice cream, and by the time they had finished, moths were fluttering low over the table, and the warm air was perfumed with the smells of grass and honeysuckle. Harry was feeling extremely well fed and at peace with the world as he watched several gnomes sprinting through the rosebushes, laughing madly and closely pursued by Crookshanks.  Ron looked carefully up the table to check that the rest of the family were all busy talking, then he said very quietly to Harry, So - have you heard from Sirius lately?  Hermione looked around, listening closely.  Yeah, said Harry softly, twice. He sounds okay. I wrote to him yesterday. He might write back while I'm here.  He suddenly remembered the reason he had written to Sirius, and for a moment was on the verge of telling Ron and Hermione about his scar hurting again, and about the dream that had awoken him ... but he really didn't want to worry them just now, not when he himself was feeling so happy and peaceful.  Look at the time, Mrs. Weasley said suddenly, checking her wristwatch. You really should be in bed, the whole lot of you you'll be up at the crack of dawn to get to the Cup. Harry, if you leave your school list out, I'll get your things for you tomorrow in Diagon Alley. I'm getting everyone else's. There might not be time after the World Cup, the match went on for five days last time.  Wow - hope it does this time! said Harry enthusiastically.  Well, I certainly don't, said Percy sanctimoniously. I shudder to think what the state of my in-tray would be if I was away from work for five days.  Yeah, someone might slip dragon dung in it again, eh, Perce? said Fred.  That was a sample of fertilizer from Norway! said Percy, going very red in the face.  It was nothing personal!  It was, Fred whispered to Harry as they got up from the table. We sent it.,63,Goblet of Fire,5										
Goblet of Fire=  Harry felt as though he had barely lain down to steep in Ron's room when he was being shaken awake by Mrs. Weasley.  Time to go, Harry, dear, she whispered, moving away to wake Ron.  Harry felt around for his glasses, put them on, and sat up. It was still dark outside.  Ron muttered indistinctly as his mother roused him. At the foot of Harry's mattress he saw two large, disheveled shapes emerging from tangles of blankets.  'S' time already? said Fred groggily.  They dressed in silence, too sleepy to talk, then, yawning and stretching, the four of them headed downstairs into the kitchen.  Mrs. Weasley was stirring the contents of a large pot on the stove, while Mr. Weasley was sitting at the table, checking a sheaf of large parchment tickets. He looked up as the boys entered and spread his arms so that they could see his clothes more clearly. He was wearing what appeared to be a golfing sweater and a very old pair of jeans, slightly too big for him and held up with a thick leather belt.  What d'you think? he asked anxiously. We're supposed to go incognito - do I look like a Muggle, Harry?  Yeah, said Harry, smiling, very good.  Where're Bill and Charlie and Per-Per-Percy? said George, failing to stifle a huge yawn.  Well, they're Apparating, aren't they? said Mrs. Weasley, heaving the large pot over to the table and starting to ladle porridge into bowls. So they can have a bit of a lie-in.  Harry knew that Apparating meant disappearing from one place and reappearing almost instantly in another, but had never known any Hogwarts student to do it, and understood that it was very difficult.  So they're still in bed? said Fred grumpily, pulling his bowl of porridge toward him.  Why can't we Apparate too?  Because you're not of age and you haven't passed your test, snapped Mrs. Weasley. And where have those girls got to?  She bustled out of the kitchen and they heard her climbing the stairs.  You have to pass a test to Apparate? Harry asked.  Oh yes, said Mr. Weasley, tucking the tickets safely into the back pocket of his jeans.  The Department of Magical Transportation had to fine a couple of people the other day for Apparating without a license. It's not easy, Apparition, and when it's not done property it can lead to nasty complications. This pair I'm talking about went and splinched themselves.  Everyone around the table except Harry winced.  Er - splinched? said Harry.  They left half of themselves behind, said Mr. Weasley, now spooning large amounts of treacle onto his porridge. So, of course, they were stuck. Couldn't move either way.  Had to wait for the Accidental Magic Reversal Squad to sort them out. Meant a fair old bit of paperwork, I can tell you, what with the Muggles who spotted the body parts they'd left behind.....  Harry had a sudden vision of a pair of legs and an eyeball lying abandoned on the pavement of Privet Drive.  Were they okay? he asked, startled.  Oh yes, said Mr. Weasley matter-of-factly. But they got a heavy fine, and I don't think they'll be trying it again in a hurry. You don't mess around with Apparition.  There are plenty of adult wizards who don't bother with it. Prefer brooms - slower, but safer.  But Bill and Charlie and Percy can all do it?  Charlie had to take the test twice, said Fred, grinning. He failed the first time.  Apparated five miles south of where he meant to, right on top of some poor old dear doing her shopping, remember?  Yes, well, he passed the second time, said Mrs. Weasley, marching back into the kitchen amid hearty sniggers.  Percy only passed two weeks ago, said George. He's been Apparating downstairs every morning since, just to prove he can.  There were footsteps down the passageway and Hermione and Ginny came into the kitchen, both looking pale and drowsy.  Why do we have to be up so early? Ginny said, rubbing her eyes and sitting down at the table.  We've got a bit of a walk, said Mr. Weasley.  Walk? said Harry. What, are we walking to the World Cup?  No, no, that's miles away, said Mr. Weasley, smiling. We only need to walk a short way. It's just that it's very difficult for a large number of wizards to congregate without attracting Muggle attention. We have to be very careful about how we travel at the best of times, and on a huge occasion like the Quidditch World Cup...  George! said Mrs. Weasley sharply, and they all jumped.  What? said George, in an innocent tone that deceived nobody.  What is that in your pocket?  Nothing!  Don't you lie to me!  Mrs. Weasley pointed her wand at George's pocket and said, Accio!  Several small, brightly colored objects zoomed out of George's pocket	 he made a grab for them but missed, and they sped right into Mrs. Weasley's outstretched hand.  We told you to destroy them! said Mrs. Weasley furiously, holding up what were unmistakably more Ton-Tongue Toffees. We told you to get rid of the lot! Empty your pockets, go on, both of you!  It was an unpleasant scene	 the twins had evidently been trying to smuggle as many toffees out of the house as possible, and it was only by using her Summoning Charm that Mrs. Weasley managed to find them all.  Accio! Accio! Accio! she shouted, and toffees zoomed from all sorts of unlikely places, including the lining of George's jacket and the turn-ups of Fred's jeans.  We spent six months developing those! Fred shouted at his mother as she threw the toffees away.  Oh a fine way to spend six months! she shrieked. No wonder you didn't get more O.W.L.s!  All in all, the atmosphere was not very friendly as they took their departure. Mrs.  Weasley was still glowering as she kissed Mr. Weasley on the cheek, though not nearly as much as the twins, who had each hoisted their rucksacks onto their backs and walked out without a word to her.  Well, have a lovely time, said Mrs. Weasley, and behave yourselves, she called after  the twins' retreating backs, but they did not look back or answer. I'll send Bill, Charlie, and Percy along around midday, Mrs. Weasley said to Mr. Weasley, as he, Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ginny set off across the dark yard after Fred and George.  It was chilly and the moon was still out. Only a dull, greenish tinge along the horizon to their right showed that daybreak was drawing closer. Harry, having been thinking about thousands of wizards speeding toward the Quidditch World Cup, sped up to walk with Mr. Weasley.  So how does everyone get there without all the Muggles noticing? he asked.  It's been a massive organizational problem, sighed Mr. Weasley. The trouble is, about a hundred thousand wizards turn up at the World Cup, and of course, we just haven't got a magical site big enough to accommodate them all. There are places Muggles can't penetrate, but imagine trying to pack a hundred thousand wizards into Diagon Alley or platform nine and three-quarters. So we had to find a nice deserted moor, and set up as many anti-Muggle precautions as possible. The whole Ministry's been working on it for months. First, of course, we have to stagger the arrivals. People with cheaper tickets have to arrive two weeks beforehand. A limited number use Muggle transport, but we can't have too many clogging up their buses and trains - remember, wizards are coming from all over the world. Some Apparate, of course, but we have to set up safe points for them to appear, well away from Muggles. I believe there's a handy wood they're using as the Apparition point. For those who don't want to Apparate, or can't, we use Portkeys.  They're objects that are used to transport wizards from one spot to another at a prearranged time. You can do large groups at a time if you need to. There have been two hundred Portkeys placed at strategic points around Britain, and the nearest one to us is up at the top of Stoatshead Hill, so that's where we're headed.  Mr. Weasley pointed ahead of them, where a large black mass rose beyond the village of Ottery St. Catchpole.  What sort of objects are Portkeys? said Harry curiously.  Well, they can be anything, said Mr. Weasley. Unobtrusive things, obviously, so Muggles don't go picking them up and playing with them ... stuff they'll just think is litter....  They trudged down the dark, dank lane toward the village, the silence broken only by their footsteps. The sky lightened very slowly as they made their way through the village, its inky blackness diluting to deepest blue. Harry's hands and feet were freezing. Mr. Weasley kept checking his watch.  They didn't have breath to spare for talking as they began to climb Stoatshead Hill, stumbling occasionally in hidden rabbit holes, slipping on thick black tuffets of grass.  Each breath Harry took was sharp in his chest and his legs were starting to seize up when, at last, his feet found level ground.  Whew, panted Mr. Weasley, taking off his glasses and wiping them on his sweater. Well, we've made good time - we've got ten minutes.  Hermione came over the crest of the hill last, clutching a stitch in her side.  Now we just need the Portkey, said Mr. Weasley, replacing his glasses and squinting around at the ground. It won't be big.... Come on...  They spread out, searching. They had only been at it for a couple of minutes, however, when a shout rent the still air.  Over here, Arthur! Over here, son, we've got it.  Two tall figures were silhouetted against the starry sky on the other side of the hilltop.  Amos! said Mr. Weasley, smiling as he strode over to the man who had shouted. The rest of them followed.  Mr. Weasley was shaking hands with a ruddy-faced wizard with a scrubby brown beard, who was holding a moldy-looking old boot in his other hand.  This is Amos Diggory, everyone, said Mr. Weasley. He works for the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures. And I think you know his son, Cedric?  Cedric Diggory was an extremely handsome boy of around seventeen. He was Captain and Seeker of the Hufflepuff House Quidditch team at Hogwarts.  Hi, said Cedric, looking around at them all.  Everybody said hi back except Fred and George, who merely nodded. They had never quite forgiven Cedric for beating their team, Gryffindor, in the first Quidditch match of the previous year.  Long walk, Arthur? Cedric's father asked. Not too bad, said Mr. Weasley. We live  just on the other side of the village there. You?  Had to get up at two, didn't we, Ced? I tell you, I'll be glad when he's got his Apparition test. Still ... not complaining ... Quidditch World Cup, wouldn't miss it for a sackful of Galleons - and the tickets cost about that. Mind you, looks like I got off easy. . . . Amos Diggory peered good-naturedly around at the three Weasley boys, Harry, Hermione, and Ginny. All these yours, Arthur?  Oh no, only the redheads, said Mr. Weasley, pointing out his children. This is Hermione, friend of Ron's - and Harry, another friend -  Merlin's beard, said Amos Diggory, his eyes widening. Harry? Harry Potter?  Er - yeah, said Harry.  Harry was used to people looking curiously at him when they met him, used to the way their eyes moved at once to the lightning scar on his forehead, but it always made him feel uncomfortable.  Ced's talked about you, of course, said Amos Diggory. Told us all about playing against you last year... I said to him, I said - Ced, that'll be something to tell your grandchildren, that will.... You beat Harry Potter!  Harry couldn't think of any reply to this, so he remained silent. Fred and George were both scowling again. Cedric looked slightly embarrassed.  Harry fell off his broom, Dad, he muttered. I told you ... it was an accident....  Yes, but you didn't fall off, did you? roared Amos genially, slapping his son on his back. Always modest, our Ced, always the gentleman ... but the best man won, I'm sure Harry'd say the same, wouldn't you, eh? One falls off his broom, one stays on, you don't need to be a genius to tell which one's the better flier!  Must be nearly time, said Mr. Weasley quickly, pulling out his watch again. Do you know whether we're waiting for any more, Amos?  No, the Lovegoods have been there for a week already and the Fawcetts couldn't get tickets, said Mr. Diggory. There aren't any more of us in this area, are there?  Not that I know of, said Mr. Weasley. Yes, it's a minute off ... We'd better get ready....  He looked around at Harry and Hermione.  You just need to touch the Portkey, that's all, a finger will do -  With difficulty, owing to their bulky backpacks, the nine of them crowded around the old boot held out by Amos Diggory.  They all stood there, in a tight circle, as a chill breeze swept over the hilltop.  Nobody spoke. It suddenly occurred to Harry how odd this would look if a Muggle were to walk up here now ... nine people, two of them grown men, clutching this manky old boot in the semidarkness, waiting....  Three. . . muttered Mr. Weasley, one eye still on his watch, two. . . one. . .  It happened immediately: Harry felt as though a hook just behind his navel had been suddenly jerked irresistibly forward. His feet left the ground	 he could feel Ron and Hermione on either side of him, their shoulders banging into his	 they were all speeding forward in a howl of wind and swirling color	 his forefinger was stuck to the boot as though it was pulling him magnetically onward and then -His feet slammed into the ground	 Ron staggered into him and he fell over	 the Portkey hit the ground near his head with a heavy thud.  Harry looked up. Mr. Weasley, Mr. Diggory, and Cedric were still standing, though looking very windswept	 everybody else was on the ground.  Seven past five from Stoatshead Hill, said a voice.,64,Goblet of Fire,6					
Goblet of Fire=  Harry disentangled himself from Ron and got to his feet. They had arrived on what appeared to be a deserted stretch of misty moor. In front of them was a pair of tired and grumpy-looking wizards, one of whom was holding a large gold watch, the other a thick roll of parchment and a quill. Both were dressed as Muggles, though very inexpertly:  The man with the watch wore a tweed suit with thigh-length galoshes	 his colleague, a kilt and a poncho.  Morning, Basil, said Mr. Weasley, picking up the boot and handing it to the kilted wizard, who threw it into a large box of used Portkeys beside him	 Harry could see an old newspaper, an empty drinks can, and a punctured football.  Hello there, Arthur, said Basil wearily. Not on duty, eh? It's all right for  some.... We've been here all night.... You'd better get out of the way, we've got a big party coming in from the Black Forest at five fifteen. Hang on, I'll find your campsite.... Weasley ... Weasley.... He consulted his parchment list. About a quarter of a mile's walk over there, first field you come to. Site manager's called Mr. Roberts.  Diggory ... second field ... ask for Mr. Payne.  Thanks, Basil, said Mr. Weasley, and he beckoned everyone to follow him.  They set off across the deserted moor, unable to make out much through the mist. After about twenty minutes, a small stone cottage next to a gate swam into view. Beyond it, Harry could just make out the ghostly shapes of hundreds and hundreds of tents, rising up the gentle slope of a large field toward a dark wood on the horizon. They said good-bye to the Diggorys and approached the cottage door.  A man was standing in the doorway, looking out at the tents. Harry knew at a glance that this was the only real Muggle for several acres. When he heard their footsteps, he turned his head to look at them.  Morning! said Mr. Weasley brightly.  Morning, said the Muggle.  Would you be Mr. Roberts?  Aye, I would, said Mr. Roberts. And who're you?  Weasley - two tents, booked a couple of days ago?  Aye, said Mr. Roberts, consulting a list tacked to the door. You've got a space up by the wood there. Just the one night?  That's it, said Mr. Weasley.  You'll be paying now, then? said Mr. Roberts.  Ah - right - certainly - said Mr. Weasley. He retreated a short distance from the cottage and beckoned Harry toward him. Help me, Harry, he muttered, pulling a roll of Muggle money from his pocket and starting to peel the notes apart. This one's a - a - a ten? Ah yes, I see the little number on it now... So this is a five?  A twenty, Harry corrected him in an undertone, uncomfortably aware of Mr. Roberts trying to catch every word.  Ah yes, so it is.... I don't know, these little bits of paper...  You foreign? said Mr. Roberts as Mr. Weasley returned with the correct notes.  Foreign? repeated Mr. Weasley, puzzled.  You're not the first one who's had trouble with money, said Mr. Roberts, scrutinizing Mr. Weasley closely. I had two try and pay me with great gold coins the size of hubcaps ten minutes ago.  Did you really? said Mr. Weasley nervously.  Mr. Roberts rummaged around in a tin for some change.  Never been this crowded, he said suddenly, looking out over the misty field again.  Hundreds of pre-bookings. People usually just turn up....  Is that right? said Mr. Weasley, his hand held out for his change, but Mr. Roberts didn't give it to him.  Aye, he said thoughtfully. People from all over. Loads of foreigners. And not just foreigners. Weirdos, you know? There's a bloke walking 'round in a kilt and a poncho.  Shouldn't he? said Mr. Weasley anxiously It's like some sort of... I dunno ... like some sort of rally, said Mr. Roberts. They all seem to know each other. Like a big party.  At that moment, a wizard in plus-fours appeared out of thin air next to Mr. Roberts's front door.  Obliviate! he said sharply, pointing his wand at Mr. Roberts.  Instantly, Mr. Roberts's eyes slid out of focus, his brows unknitted, and a took of dreamy unconcern fell over his face. Harry recognized the symptoms of one who had just had his memory modified.  A map of the campsite for you, Mr. Roberts said placidly to Mr. Weasley. And your change.  Thanks very much, said Mr. Weasley.  The wizard in plus-fours accompanied them toward the gate to the campsite. He looked exhausted: His chin was blue with stubble and there were deep purple shadows under his eyes. Once out of earshot of Mr. Roberts, he muttered to Mr. Weasley, Been having a lot of trouble with him. Needs a Memory Charm ten times a day to keep him happy. And Ludo Bagman's not helping. Trotting around talking about Bludgers and Quaffles at the top of his voice, not a worry about anti-Muggle security Blimey, I'll be glad when this is over.  See you later, Arthur.  He Disapparated.  I thought Mr. Bagman was Head of Magical Games and Sports, said Ginny, looking surprised. He should know better than to talk about Bludgers near Muggles, shouldn't he?  He should, said Mr. Weasley, smiling, and leading them through the gates into the campsite, but Ludo's always been a bit ... well . . . lax about security. You couldn't wish for a more enthusiastic head of the sports department though. He played Quidditch for England himself, you know. And he was the best Beater the Wimbourne Wasps ever had.  They trudged up the misty field between long rows of tents. Most looked almost ordinary	 their owners had clearly tried to make them as Muggle-like as possible, but had slipped up by adding chimneys, or bellpulls, or weather vanes. However, here and there was a tent so obviously magical that Harry could hardly be surprised that Mr. Roberts was getting suspicious. Halfway up the field stood an extravagant confection of striped silk like a miniature palace, with several live peacocks tethered at the entrance. A little farther on they passed a tent that had three floors and several turrets	 and a short way beyond that was a tent that had a front garden attached, complete with birdbath, sundial, and fountain.  Always the same, said Mr. Weasley, smiling. We can't resist showing off when we get together. Ah, here we are, look, this is us.  They had reached the very edge of the wood at the top of the field, and here was an empty space, with a small sign hammered into the ground that read WEEZLY.  Couldn't have a better spot! said Mr. Weasley happily. The field is just on the other side of the wood there, we're as close as we could be. He hoisted his backpack from his shoulders. Right, he said excitedly, no magic allowed, strictly speaking, not when we're out in these numbers on Muggle land. We'll be putting these tents up by hand!  Shouldn't be too difficult.... Muggles do it all the time.... Here, Harry, where do you reckon we should start?  Harry had never been camping in his life	 the Dursleys had never taken him on any kind of holiday, preferring to leave him with Mrs. Figg, an old neighbor. However, he and Hermione worked out where most of the poles and pegs should go, and though Mr. Weasley was more of a hindrance than a help, because he got thoroughly overexcited when it came to using the mallet, they finally managed to erect a pair of shabby two-man tents.  All of them stood back to admire their handiwork. Nobody looking at these tents would guess they belonged to wizards, Harry thought, but the trouble was that once Bill, Charlie, and Percy arrived, they would be a party of ten. Hermione seemed to have spotted this problem too	 she gave Harry a quizzical look as Mr. Weasley dropped to his hands and knees and entered the first tent.  We'll be a bit cramped, he called, but I think we'll all squeeze in. Come and have a look.  Harry bent down, ducked under the tent flap, and felt his jaw drop. He had walked into what looked like an old-fashioned, three room flat, complete with bathroom and kitchen.  Oddly enough, it was furnished in exactly the same sort of style as Mrs. Figg's house:  There were crocheted covers on the mismatched chairs and a strong smell of cats.  Well, it's not for long, said Mr. Weasley, mopping his bald patch with a handkerchief and peering in at the four bunk beds that stood in the bedroom. I borrowed this from Perkins at the office. Doesn't camp much anymore, poor fellow, he's got lumbago.  He picked up the dusty kettle and peered inside it. We'll need water....  There's a tap marked on this map the Muggle gave us, said Ron, who had followed Harry inside the tent and seemed completely unimpressed by its extraordinary inner proportions.  It's on the other side of the field.  Well, why don't you, Harry, and Hermione go and get us some water then - Mr. Weasley handed over the kettle and a couple of saucepans - and the rest of us will get some wood for a fire?  But we've got an oven, said Ron. Why can't we just -  Ron, anti-Muggle security! said Mr. Weasley, his face shining with anticipation. When real Muggles camp, they cook on fires outdoors. I've seen them at it!  After a quick tour of the girls' tent, which was slightly smaller than the boys', though without the smell of cats, Harry, Ron, and Hermione set off across the campsite with the kettle and saucepans.  Now, with the sun newly risen and the mist lifting, they could see the city of tents that  stretched in every direction. They made their way slowly through the rows, staring eagerly around. It was only just dawning on Harry how many witches and wizards there must be in the world	 he had never really thought much about those in other countries.  Their fellow campers were starting to wake up. First to stir were the families with small children	 Harry had never seen witches and wizards this young before. A tiny boy no older than two was crouched outside a large pyramid-shaped tent, holding a wand and poking happily at a slug in the grass, which was swelling slowly to the size of a salami.  As they drew level with him, his mother came hurrying out of the tent.  How many times, Kevin? You don't - touch - Daddy's - wand - yecchh!   She had trodden on the giant slug, which burst. Her scolding carried after them on the still air, mingling with the little boy's yells - You bust slug! You bust slug!  A short way farther on, they saw two little witches, barely older than Kevin, who were riding toy broomsticks that rose only high enough for the girls' toes to skim the dewy grass. A Ministry wizard had already spotted them	 as he hurried past Harry, Ron, and Hermione he muttered distractedly, In broad daylight! Parents having a lie-in, I suppose -  Here and there adult wizards and witches were emerging from their tents and starting to cook breakfast. Some, with furtive looks around them, conjured fires with their wands	 others were striking matches with dubious looks on their faces, as though sure this couldn't work. Three African wizards sat in serious conversation, all of them wearing long white robes and roasting what looked like a rabbit on a bright purple fire, while a group of middle-aged American witches sat gossiping happily beneath a spangled banner stretched between their tents that read: THE SALEM WITCHES' INSTITUTE. Harry caught snatches of conversation in strange languages from the inside of tents they passed, and though he couldn't understand a word, the tone of every single voice was excited.  Er - is it my eyes, or has everything gone green? said Ron.  It wasn't just Ron's eyes. They had walked into a patch of tents that were all covered with a thick growth of shamrocks, so that it looked as though small, oddly shaped hillocks had sprouted out of the earth. Grinning faces could be seen under those that had their flaps open. Then, from behind them, they heard their names.  Harry! Ron! Hermione!  It was Seamus Finnigan, their fellow Gryffindor fourth year. He was sitting in front of his own shamrock-covered tent, with a sandy-haired woman who had to be his mother, and his best friend, Dean Thomas, also of Gryffindor.  Like the decorations? said Seamus, grinning. The Ministry's not too happy.  Ah, why shouldn't we show our colors? said Mrs. Finnigan. You should see what the Bulgarians have got dangling all over their tents. You'll be supporting Ireland, of course? she added, eyeing Harry, Ron, and Hermione beadily. When they had assured her that they were indeed supporting Ireland, they set off again, though, as Ron said, Like we'd say anything else surrounded by that lot. I wonder what the Bulgarians have got dangling all over their tents? said Hermione.  Let's go and have a look, said Harry, pointing to a large patch of tents upfield, where the Bulgarian flag - white, green, and red - was fluttering in the breeze.  The tents here had not been bedecked with plant life, but each and every one of them had the same poster attached to it, a poster of a very surly face with heavy black eyebrows.  The picture was, of course, moving, but all it did was blink and scowl.  Krum, said Ron quietly.  What? said Hermione.  Krum! said Ron. Viktor Krum, the Bulgarian Seeker!  He looks really grumpy, said Hermione, looking around at the many Krums blinking and scowling at them.  'Really grumpy? Ron raised his eyes to the heavens. Who cares what he looks like?  He's unbelievable. He's really young too. Only just eighteen or something. He's a genius, you wait until tonight, you'll see.  There was already a small queue for the tap in the corner of the field. Harry, Ron, and Hermione joined it, right behind a pair of men who were having a heated argument. One of them was a very old wizard who was wearing a long flowery nightgown. The other was clearly a Ministry wizard	 he was holding out a pair of pinstriped trousers and almost crying with exasperation.  Just put them on, Archie, there's a good chap. You can't walk around like that, the Muggle at the gate's already getting suspicious -  I bought this in a Muggle shop, said the old wizard stubbornly. Muggles wear them.  Muggle women wear them, Archie, not the men, they wear these, said the Ministry wizard, and he brandished the pinstriped trousers.  I'm not putting them on, said old Archie in indignation. I like a healthy breeze 'round my privates, thanks.  Hermione was overcome with such a strong fit of the giggles at this point that she had to duck out of the queue and only returned when Archie had collected his water and moved away.  Walking more slowly now, because of the weight of the water, they made their way back through the campsite. Here and there, they saw more familiar faces: other Hogwarts students with their families. Oliver Wood, the old captain of Harry's House Quidditch team, who had just left Hogwarts, dragged Harry over to his parents' tent to introduce him, and told him excitedly that he had just been signed to the Puddlemere United reserve team. Next they were hailed by Ernie Macmillan, a Hufflepuff fourth year, and a little farther on they saw Cho Chang, a very pretty girl who played Seeker on the Ravenclaw team. She waved and smiled at Harry, who slopped quite a lot of water down his front as he waved back. More to stop Ron from smirking than anything, Harry hurriedly pointed out a large group of teenagers whom he had never seen before.  Who d'you reckon they are? he said. They don't go to Hogwarts, do they?  'Spect they go to some foreign school, said Ron. I know there are others. Never met anyone who went to one, though. Bill had a penfriend at a school in Brazil ... this was years and years ago ... and he wanted to go on an exchange trip but Mum and Dad couldn't afford it. His penfriend got all offended when he said he wasn't going and sent him a cursed hat. It made his ears shrivel up.  Harry laughed but didn't voice the amazement he felt at hearing about other wizarding schools. He supposed, now that he saw representatives of so many nationalities in the campsite, that he had been stupid never to realize that Hogwarts couldn't be the only one. He glanced at Hermione, who looked utterly unsurprised by the information. No doubt she had run across the news about other wizarding schools in some book or other.  You've been ages, said George when they finally got back to the Weasleys' tents.  Met a few people, said Ron, setting the water down. You've not got that fire started yet?  Dad's having fun with the matches, said Fred.  Mr. Weasley was having no success at all in lighting the fire, but it wasn't for lack of trying. Splintered matches littered the ground around him, but he looked as though he was having the time of his life.  Oops! he said as he managed to light a match and promptly dropped it in surprise.  Come here, Mr. Weasley, said Hermione kindly, taking the box from him, and showing him how to do it properly.  At last they got the fire lit, though it was at least another hour before it was hot enough to cook anything. There was plenty to watch while they waited, however. Their tent seemed to be pitched right alongside a kind of thoroughfare to the field, and Ministry members kept hurrying up and down it, greeting Mr. Weasley cordially as they passed. Mr. Weasley kept up a running commentary, mainly for Harry's and Hermione's benefit	 his own children knew too much about the Ministry to be greatly interested.  That was Cuthbert Mockridge, Head of the Goblin Liaison Office.... Here comes Gilbert Wimple	 he's with the Committee on Experimental Charms
Goblet of Fire=  Clutching their purchases, Mr. Weasley in the lead, they all hurried into the wood, following the lantern-lit trail. They could hear the sounds of thousands of people moving around them, shouts and laughter, snatches of singing. The atmosphere of feverish excitement was highly infectious	 Harry couldn't stop grinning. They walked through the wood for twenty minutes, talking and joking loudly, until at last they emerged on the other side and found themselves in the shadow of a gigantic stadium. Though Harry could see only a fraction of the immense gold walls surrounding the field, he could tell that ten cathedrals would fit comfortably inside it.  Seats a hundred thousand, said Mr. Weasley, spotting the awestruck look on Harry's face. Ministry task force of five hundred have been working on it all year. Muggle  Repelling Charms on every inch of it. Every time Muggles have got anywhere near here all year, they've suddenly remembered urgent appointments and had to dash away again ...  bless them, he added fondly, leading the way toward the nearest entrance, which was already surrounded by a swarm of shouting witches and wizards.  Prime seats! said the Ministry witch at the entrance when she checked their tickets.  Top Box! Straight upstairs, Arthur, and as high as you can go.  The stairs into the stadium were carpeted in rich purple. They clambered upward with the rest of the crowd, which slowly filtered away through doors into the stands to their left and right. Mr. Weasley's party kept climbing, and at last they reached the top of the staircase and found themselves in a small box, set at the highest point of the stadium and situated exactly halfway between the golden goal posts. About twenty purple-and-gilt chairs stood in two rows here, and Harry, filing into the front seats with the Weasleys, looked down upon a scene the likes of which he could never have imagined.  A hundred thousand witches and wizards were taking their places in the seats, which rose in levels around the long oval field. Everything was suffused with a mysterious golden light, which seemed to come from the stadium itself. The field looked smooth as velvet from their lofty position. At either end of the field stood three goal hoops, fifty feet high	 right opposite them, almost at Harry's eye level, was a gigantic blackboard. Gold writing kept dashing across it as though an invisible giant's hand were scrawling upon the blackboard and then wiping it off again	 watching it, Harry saw that it was flashing advertisements across the field.  The Bluebottle: A Broom for All the Family - safe, reliable, and with Built-in Anti-Burgler Buzzer ... Mrs. Shower's All Purpose Magical Mess Remover: No Pain, No Stain! ... Gladrags Wizardwear - London, Paris, Hogsmeade...  Harry tore his eyes away from the sign and looked over his shoulder to see who else was sharing the box with them. So far it was empty, except for a tiny creature sitting in the second from last seat at the end of the row behind them. The creature, whose legs were so short they stuck out in front of it on the chair, was wearing a tea towel draped like a toga, and it had its face hidden in its hands. Yet those long, batlike ears were oddly familiar....  Dobby? said Harry incredulously.  The tiny creature looked up and stretched its fingers, revealing enormous brown eyes and a nose the exact size and shape of a large tomato. It wasn't Dobby - it was, however, unmistakably a house-elf, as Harry's friend Dobby had been. Harry had set Dobby free from his old owners, the Malfoy family.  Did sir just call me Dobby? squeaked the elf curiously from between its fingers. Its voice was higher even than Dobby's had been, a teeny, quivering squeak of a voice, and Harry suspected though it was very hard to tell with a house-elf - that this one might just be female. Ron and Hermione spun around in their seats to look. Though they had heard a lot about Dobby from Harry, they had never actually met him. Even Mr. Weasley looked around in interest.  Sorry, Harry told the elf, I just thought you were someone I knew.  But I knows Dobby too, sir! squeaked the elf. She was shielding her face, as though blinded by light, though the Top Box was not brightly lit. My name is Winky, sir - and you, sir - Her dark brown eyes widened to the size of side plates as they rested upon Harry's scar. You is surely Harry Potter!  Yeah, I am, said Harry.  But Dobby talks of you all the time, sir! s he said, lowering her hands very slightly and looking awestruck.  How is he? said Harry. How's freedom suiting him?  Ah, sir, said Winky, shaking her head, ah sir, meaning no disrespect, sir, but I is not sure you did Dobby a favor, sir, when you is setting him free.  Why? said Harry, taken aback. What's wrong with him?  Freedom is going to Dobby's head, sir,  said Winky sadly. Ideas above his station, sir. Can't get another position, sir.  Why not? said Harry.  Winky lowered her voice by a half-octave and whispered, He is wanting paying for his work, sir.  Paying? said Harry blankly. Well - why shouldn't he be paid?  Winky looked quite horrified at the idea and closed her fingers slightly so that her face was half-hidden again.  House-elves is not paid, sir! she said in a muffled squeak. No, no, no. I says to Dobby, I says, go find yourself a nice family and settle down, Dobby. He is getting up to all sorts of high jinks, sir, what is unbecoming to a house-elf. You goes racketing around like this, Dobby, I says, and next thing I hear you's up in front of the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, like some common goblin.  Well, it's about time he had a bit of fun, said Harry.  House-elves is not supposed to have fun, Harry Potter, said Winky firmly, from behind her hands. House-elves does what they is told. I is not liking heights at all, Harry Potter - she glanced toward the edge of the box and gulped - but my master sends me to the Top Box and I comes, sir.  Why's he sent you up here, if he knows you don't like heights? said Harry, frowning.  Master - master wants me to save him a seat, Harry Potter. He is very busy, said Winky, tilting her head toward the empty space beside her. Winky is wishing she is back in master's tent, Harry Potter, but Winky does what she is told. Winky is a good house-elf.  She gave the edge of the box another frightened look and hid her eyes completely again.  Harry turned back to the others.  So that's a house-elf? Ron muttered. Weird things, aren't they?  Dobby was weirder, said Harry fervently.  Ron pulled out his Omnioculars and started testing them, staring down into the crowd on the other side of the stadium.  Wild! he said, twiddling the replay knob on the side. I can make that old bloke down there pick his nose again ... and again ... and again. . .  Hermione, meanwhile, was skimming eagerly through her velvetcovered, tasseled program.  'A display from the team mascots will precede the match,' she read aloud.  Oh that's always worth watching, said Mr. Weasley. National teams bring creatures from their native land, you know, to put on a bit of a show.  The box filled gradually around them over the next half hour. Mr. Weasley kept shaking hands with people who were obviously very important wizards. Percy jumped to his feet so often that he looked as though he were trying to sit on a hedgehog. When Cornelius Fudge, the Minister of Magic himself, arrived, Percy bowed so low that his glasses fell off and shattered. Highly embarrassed, he repaired them with his wand and thereafter remained in his seat, throwing jealous looks at Harry, whom Cornelius Fudge had greeted like an old friend. They had met before, and Fudge shook Harry's hand in a fatherly fashion, asked how he was, and introduced him to the wizards on either side of him.  Harry Potter, you know, he told the Bulgarian minister loudly, who was wearing splendid robes of black velvet trimmed with gold and didn't seem to understand a word of English.  Harry Potter ... oh come on now, you know who he is ... the boy who survived You-Know-Who ... you do know who he is -  The Bulgarian wizard suddenly spotted Harry's scar and started gabbling loudly and excitedly, pointing at it.  Knew we'd get there in the end, said Fudge wearily to Harry. I'm no great shakes at languages	 I need Barty Crouch for this sort of thing. Ah, I see his house-elf's saving him a seat.... Good job too, these Bulgarian blighters have been trying to cadge all the best places ... ah, and here's Lucius!  Harry, Ron, and Hermione turned quickly. Edging along the second row to three still-empty seats right behind Mr. Weasley were none other than Dobby the house-elf's former owners: Lucius Malfoy	 his son, Draco	 and a woman Harry supposed must be Draco's mother.  Harry and Draco Malfoy had been enemies ever since their very first journey to Hogwarts.  A pale boy with a pointed face and white-blond hair, Draco greatly resembled his father.  His mother was blonde too	 tall and slim, she would have been nice-looking if she hadn't been wearing a look that suggested there was a nasty smell under her nose.  Ah, Fudge, said Mr. Malfoy, holding out his hand as he reached the Minister of Magic.  How are you? I don't think you've met my wife, Narcissa? Or our son, Draco?  How do you do, how do you do? said Fudge, smiling and bowing to Mrs. Malfoy. And allow me to introduce you to Mr. Oblansk - Obalonsk - Mr. - well, he's the Bulgarian Minister of Magic, and he can't understand a word I'm saying anyway, so never mind. And  let's see who else - you know Arthur Weasley, I daresay?  It was a tense moment. Mr. Weasley and Mr. Malfoy looked at each other and Harry vividly recalled the last time they had come face-to-face: It had been in Flourish and Blotts' bookshop, and they had had a fight. Mr. Malfoy's cold gray eyes swept over Mr. Weasley, and then up and down the row.  Good lord, Arthur, he said softly. What did you have to sell to get seats in the Top Box? Surely your house wouldn't have fetched this much?  Fudge, who wasn't listening, said, Lucius has just given a very generous contribution to St. Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries, Arthur. He's here as my guest.  How - how nice, said Mr. Weasley, with a very strained smile.  Mr. Malfoy's eyes had returned to Hermione, who went slightly pink, but stared determinedly back at him. Harry knew exactly what was making Mr. Malfoy's lip curl like that. The Malfoys prided themselves on being purebloods	 in other words, they considered anyone of Muggle descent, like Hermione, second-class. However, under the gaze of the Minister of Magic, Mr. Malfoy didn't dare say anything. He nodded sneeringly to Mr.  Weasley and continued down the line to his seats. Draco shot Harry, Ron, and Hermione one contemptuous look, then settled himself between his mother and father.  Slimy gits, Ron muttered as he, Harry, and Hermione turned to face the field again.  Next moment, Ludo Bagman charged into the box.  Everyone ready? he said, his round face gleaming like a great, excited Edam. Minister - ready to go?  Ready when you are, Ludo, said Fudge comfortably.  Ludo whipped out his wand, directed it at his own throat, and said Sonorus! and then spoke over the roar of sound that was now filling the packed stadium	 his voice echoed over them, booming into every corner of the stands.  Ladies and gentlemen. . . welcome! Welcome to the final of the four hundred and twenty-second Quidditch World Cup!  The spectators screamed and clapped. Thousands of flags waved, adding their discordant national anthems to the racket. The huge blackboard opposite them was wiped clear of its last message (Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans - A Risk With Every Mouthful!) and now showed BULGARIA: 0, IRELAND: 0.  And now, without further ado, allow me to introduce. . . the Bulgarian National Team Mascots!  The right-hand side of the stands, which was a solid block of scarlet, roared its approval.  I wonder what they've brought, said Mr. Weasley, leaning forward in his seat. Aaah!  He suddenly whipped off his glasses and polished them hurriedly on his robes. Veela!  What are veel -?  But a hundred veela were now gliding out onto the field, and Harry's question was answered for him. Veela were women. . . the most beautiful women Harry had ever seen. .  . except that they weren't - they couldn't be - human. This puzzled Harry for a moment while he tried to guess what exactly they could be	 what could make their skin shine moon-bright like that, or their white-gold hair fan out behind them without wind.. . but then the music started, and Harry stopped worrying about them not being human - in fact, he stopped worrying about anything at all.  The veela had started to dance, and Harry's mind had gone completely and blissfully blank. All that mattered in the world was that he kept watching the veela, because if they stopped dancing, terrible things would happen.  And as the veela danced faster and faster, wild, half-formed thoughts started chasing through Harry's dazed mind. He wanted to do something very impressive, right now.  Jumping from the box into the stadium seemed a good idea. . . but would it be good enough?  Harry, what are you doing? said Hermione's voice from a long way off.  The music stopped. Harry blinked. He was standing up, and one of his legs was resting on the wall of the box. Next to him, Ron was frozen in an attitude that looked as though he were about to dive from a springboard.  Angry yells were filling the stadium. The crowd didn't want the veela to go. Harry was with them	 he would, of course, be supporting Bulgaria, and he wondered vaguely why he had a large green shamrock pinned to his chest. Ron, meanwhile, was absentmindedly shredding the shamrocks on his hat. Mr. Weasley, smiling slightly, leaned over to Ron and tugged the hat out of his hands.  You'll be wanting that, he said, once Ireland have had their say.  Huh? said Ron, staring openmouthed at the veela, who had now lined up along one side of the field.  Hermione made a loud tutting noise. She reached up and pulled Harry back into his seat.  Honestly! she said.  And now, roared Ludo Bagman's voice, kindly put your wands in the air. . . for the Irish National Team Mascots!  Next moment, what seemed to be a great green-and-gold comet came zooming into the stadium. It did one circuit of the stadium, then split into two smaller comets, each hurtling toward the goal posts. A rainbow arced suddenly across the field, connecting the two balls of light. The crowd oooohed and aaaaahed, as though at a fireworks display. Now the rainbow faded and the balls of light reunited and merged	 they had formed a great shimmering shamrock, which rose up into the sky and began to soar over the stands. Something like golden rain seemed to be falling from it - Excellent! yelled Ron as the shamrock soared over them, and heavy gold coins rained from it, bouncing off their heads and seats. Squinting up at the shamrock, Harry realized that it was actually comprised of thousands of tiny little bearded men with red vests, each carrying a minute lamp of gold or green.  Leprechauns! said Mr. Weasley over the tumultuous applause of the crowd, many of whom were still fighting and rummaging around under their chairs to retrieve the gold.  There you go, Ron yelled happily, stuffing a fistful of gold coins into Harry's hand, for the Omnioculars! Now you've got to buy me a Christmas present, ha!  The great shamrock dissolved, the leprechauns drifted down onto the field on the opposite side from the veela, and settled themselves cross-legged to watch the match.  And now, ladies and gentlemen, kindly welcome - the Bulgarian National Quidditch Team!  I give you - Dimitrov!  A scarlet-clad figure on a broomstick, moving so fast it was blurred, shot out onto the field from an entrance far below, to wild applause from the Bulgarian supporters.  Ivanova!  A second scarlet-robed player zoomed out.  Zograf! Levski! Vulchanov! Volkov! Aaaaaaand - Krum!  That's him, that's him! yelled Ron, following Krum with his Omnioculars. Harry quickly focused his own.  Viktor Krum was thin, dark, and sallow-skinned, with a large curved nose and thick black eyebrows. He looked like an overgrown bird of prey. It was hard to believe he was only eighteen.  And now, please greet - the Irish National Quidditch Team! yelled Bagman. Presenting - Connolly! Ryan! Troy! Mullet! Moran! Quigley! Aaaaaand - Lynch!  Seven green blurs swept onto the field	 Harry spun a small dial on the side of his Omnioculars and slowed the players down enough to read the word Firebolt on each of their brooms and see their names, embroidered in silver, upon their backs.  And here, all the way from Egypt, our referee, acclaimed Chairwizard of the International Association of Quidditch, Hassan Mostafa!  A small and skinny wizard, completely bald but with a mustache to rival Uncle Vernon's, wearing robes of pure gold to match the stadium, strode out onto the field. A silver whistle was protruding from under the mustache, and he was carrying a large wooden crate under one arm, his broomstick under the other. Harry spun the speed dial on his Omnioculars back to normal, watching closely as Mostafa mounted his broomstick and kicked the crate open - four balls burst into the air: the scarlet Quaffle, the two black Bludgers, and (Harry saw it for the briefest moment, before it sped out of sight) the minuscule, winged Golden Snitch. With a sharp blast on his whistle, Mostafa shot into the air after the balls.  Theeeeeeeey're OFF! screamed Bagman. And it's Mullet! Troy! Moran! Dimitrov! Back to Mullet! Troy! Levski! Moran!  It was Quidditch as Harry had never seen it played before. He was pressing his Omnioculars so hard to his glasses that they were cutting into the bridge of his nose.  The speed of the players was incredible - the Chasers were throwing the Quaffle to one another so fast that Bagman only had time to say their names. Harry spun the slow dial on the right of his Omnioculars again, pressed the play-by-play button on the top, and he was immediately watching in slow motion, while glittering purple lettering flashed across the lenses and the noise of the crowd pounded against his eardrums.  HAWKSHEAD ATTACKING FORMATION, he read as he watched the three Irish Chasers zoom closely together, Troy in the center, slightly ahead of Mullet and Moran, bearing down upon the Bulgarians. PORSKOFF PLOY flashed up next, as Troy made as though to dart upward with the Quaffle, drawing away the Bulgarian Chaser Ivanova and dropping the Quaffle to Moran.  One of the Bulgarian Beaters, Volkov, swung hard at a passing Bludger with his small club, knocking it into Moran's path
Goblet of Fire=  Don't tell your mother you've been gambling, Mr. Weasley implored Fred and George as they all made their way slowly down the purple-carpeted stairs.  Don't worry, Dad, said Fred gleefully, we've got big plans for this money. We don't want it confiscated.  Mr. Weasley looked for a moment as though he was going to ask what these big plans were, but seemed to decide, upon reflection, that he didn't want to know.  They were soon caught up in the crowds now flooding out of the stadium and back to their campsites. Raucous singing was borne toward them on the night air as they retraced their steps along the lantern-lit path, and leprechauns kept shooting over their heads, cackling and waving their lanterns. When they finally reached the tents, nobody felt like sleeping at all, and given the level of noise around them, Mr. Weasley agreed that they could all have one last cup of cocoa together before turning in. They were soon arguing enjoyably about the match	 Mr. Weasley got drawn into a disagreement about cobbing with Charlie, and it was only when Ginny fell asleep right at the tiny table and spilled hot chocolate all over the floor that Mr. Weasley called a halt to the verbal replays and insisted that everyone go to bed. Hermione and Ginny went into the next tent, and Harry and the rest of the Weasleys changed into pajamas and clambered into their bunks. From the other side of the campsite they could still hear much singing and the odd echoing bang.  Oh I am glad I'm not on duty, muttered Mr. Weasley sleepily. I wouldn't fancy having to go and tell the Irish they've got to stop celebrating.  Harry, who was on a top bunk above Ron, lay staring up at the canvas ceiling of the tent, watching the glow of an occasional leprechaun lantern flying overhead, and picturing again some of Krum's more spectacular moves. He was itching to get back on his own Firebolt and try out the Wronski Feint. . . . Somehow Oliver Wood had never managed to  convey with all his wriggling diagrams what that move was supposed to look like.. . .  Harry saw himself in robes that had his name on the back, and imagined the sensation of hearing a hundred-thousand-strong crowd roar, as Ludo Bagman's voice echoed throughout the stadium, I give you. . . Potter!  Harry never knew whether or not he had actually dropped off to sleep - his fantasies of flying like Krum might well have slipped into actual dreams - all he knew was that, quite suddenly, Mr. Weasley was shouting.  Get up! Ron - Harry - come on now, get up, this is urgent!  Harry sat up quickly and the top of his head hit canvas.  S' matter? he said.  Dimly, he could tell that something was wrong. The noises in the campsite had changed.  The singing had stopped. He could hear screams, and the sound of people running. He slipped down from the bunk and reached for his clothes, but Mr. Weasley, who had pulled on his jeans over his own pajamas, said, No time, Harry - just grab a jacket and get outside - quickly!  Harry did as he was told and hurried out of the tent, Ron at his heels.  By the light of the few fires that were still burning, he could see people running away into the woods, fleeing something that was moving across the field toward them, something that was emitting odd flashes of light and noises like gunfire. Loud jeering, roars of laughter, and drunken yells were drifting toward them	 then came a burst of strong green light, which illuminated the scene.  A crowd of wizards, tightly packed and moving together with wands pointing straight upward, was marching slowly across the field. Harry squinted at them. . . . They didn't seem to have faces. . . . Then he realized that their heads were hooded and their faces masked. High above them, floating along in midair, four struggling figures were being contorted into grotesque shapes. It was as though the masked wizards on the ground were puppeteers, and the people above them were marionettes operated by invisible strings that rose from the wands into the air. Two of the figures were very small.  More wizards were joining the marching group, laughing and pointing up at the floating bodies. Tents crumpled and fell as the marching crowd swelled. Once or twice Harry saw one of the marchers blast a tent out of his way with his wand. Several caught fire. The screaming grew louder.  The floating people were suddenly illuminated as they passed over a burning tent and Harry recognized one of them: Mr. Roberts, the campsite manager. The other three looked as though they might be his wife and children. One of the marchers below flipped Mrs.  Roberts upside down with his wand	 her nightdress fell down to reveal voluminous drawers and she struggled to cover herself up as the crowd below her screeched and hooted with glee.  That's sick, Ron muttered, watching the smallest Muggle child, who had begun to spin like a top, sixty feet above the ground, his head flopping limply from side to side.  That is really sick. . . .  Hermione and Ginny came hurrying toward them, pulling coats over their nightdresses, with Mr. Weasley right behind them. At the same moment, Bill, Charlie, and Percy emerged from the boys' tent, fully dressed, with their sleeves rolled up and their wands out.  We're going to help the Ministry! Mr. Weasley shouted over all the noise, rolling up his own sleeves. You lot - get into the woods, and stick together. I'll come and fetch you when we've sorted this out!  Bill, Charlie, and Percy were already sprinting away toward the oncoming marchers	 Mr.  Weasley tore after them. Ministry wizards were dashing from every direction toward the source of the trouble. The crowd beneath the Roberts family was coming ever closer.  C'mon, said Fred, grabbing Ginny's hand and starting to pull her toward the wood.  Harry, Ron, Hermione, and George followed. They all looked back as they reached the trees. The crowd beneath the Roberts family was larger than ever	 they could see the Ministry wizards trying to get through it to the hooded wizards in the center, but they were having great difficulty. It looked as though they were scared to perform any spell that might make the Roberts family fall.  The colored lanterns that had lit the path to the stadium had been extinguished. Dark figures were blundering through the trees	 children were crying	 anxious shouts and panicked voices were reverberating around them in the cold night air. Harry felt himself being pushed hither and thither by people whose faces he could not see. Then he heard Ron yell with pain.  What happened? said Hermione anxiously, stopping so abruptly that Harry walked into her. Ron, where are you? Oh this is stupid - lumos!  She illuminated her wand and directed its narrow beam across the path. Ron was lying sprawled on the ground.  Tripped over a tree root, he said angrily, getting to his feet again.  Well, with feet that size, hard not to, said a drawling voice from behind them.  Harry, Ron, and Hermione turned sharply. Draco Malfoy was standing alone nearby, leaning against a tree, looking utterly relaxed. His arms folded, he seemed to have been watching the scene at the campsite through a gap in the trees.  Ron told Malfoy to do something that Harry knew he would never have dared say in front of Mrs. Weasley.  Language, Weasley, said Malfoy, his pale eyes glittering. Hadn't you better be hurrying along, now? You wouldn't like her spotted, would you?  He nodded at Hermione, and at the same moment, a blast like a bomb sounded from the campsite, and a flash of green light momentarily lit the trees around them.  What's that supposed to mean? said Hermione defiantly. Granger, they're after Muggles, said Malfoy. D'you want to be showing off your knickers in midair? Because if you do, hang around. . . they're moving this way, and it would give us all a laugh.  Hermione's a witch, Harry snarled.  Have it your own way, Potter, said Malfoy, grinning maliciously. If you think they can't spot a Mudblood, stay where you are.  You watch your mouth! shouted Ron. Everybody present knew that Mudblood was a very offensive term for a witch or wizard of Muggle parentage.  Never mind, Ron, said Hermione quickly, seizing Ron's arm to restrain him as he took a step toward Malfoy.  There came a bang from the other side of the trees that was louder than anything they had heard. Several people nearby screamed. Malfoy chuckled softly.  Scare easily, don't they? he said lazily. I suppose your daddy told you all to hide?  What's he up to - trying to rescue the Muggles?  Where're your parents? said Harry, his temper rising. Out there wearing masks, are they?  Malfoy turned his face to Harry, still smiling.  Well. . . if they were, I wouldn't be likely to tell you, would I, Potter?  Oh come on, said Hermione, with a disgusted look at Malfoy, let's go and find the others.  Keep that big bushy head down, Granger, sneered Malfoy.  Come on, Hermione repeated, and she pulled Harry and Ron up the path again.  I'll bet you anything his dad is one of that masked lot! said Ron hotly.  Well, with any luck, the Ministry will catch him! said Hermione fervently. Oh I can't believe this. Where have the others got to?  Fred, George, and Ginny were nowhere to be seen, though the path was packed with plenty of other people, all looking nervously over their shoulders toward the commotion back at the campsite. A huddle of teenagers in pajamas was arguing vociferously a little way along the path. When they saw Harry, Ron, and Hermione, a girl with thick curly hair turned and said quickly, O? est Madame Maxime? Nous l'avons perdue -  Er - what? said Ron.  Oh. . . The girl who had spoken turned her back on him, and as they walked on they distinctly heard her say, Ogwarts.  Beauxbatons, muttered Hermione.  Sorry? said Harry.  They must go to Beauxbatons, said Hermione. You know... Beauxbatons Academy of Magic.  . . I read about it in An Appraisal ofMagical Education in Europe.  Oh. . . yeah. . . right, said Harry.  Fred and George can't have gone that far, said Ron, pulling out his wand, lighting it like Hermione's, and squinting up the path. Harry dug in the pockets of his jacket for his own wand - but it wasn't there. The only thing he could find was his Omnioculars.  Ah, no, I don't believe it. . . I've lost my wand!  You're kidding!  Ron and Hermione raised their wands high enough to spread the narrow beams of light farther on the ground	 Harry looked all around him, but his wand was nowhere to be seen.  Maybe it's back in the tent, said Ron.  Maybe it fell out of your pocket when we were running? Hermione suggested anxiously.  Yeah, said Harry, maybe. .  He usually kept his wand with him at all times in the wizarding world, and finding himself without it in the midst of a scene like this made him feel very vulnerable.  A rustling noise nearby made all three of them jump. Winky the house-elf was fighting her way out of a clump of bushes nearby. She was moving in a most peculiar fashion, apparently with great difficulty	 it was as though someone invisible were trying to hold her back.  There is bad wizards about! she squeaked distractedly as she leaned forward and labored to keep running. People high - high in the air! Winky is getting out of the way!  And she disappeared into the trees on the other side of the path, panting and squeaking as she fought the force that was restraining her.  What's up with her? said Ron, looking curiously after Winky. Why can't she run properly?  Bet she didn't ask permission to hide, said Harry. He was thinking of Dobby: Every time he had tried to do something the Malfoys wouldn't like, the house-elf had been forced to start beating himself up.  You know, house-elves get a very raw deal! said Hermione indignantly. It's slavery, that's what it is! That Mr. Crouch made her go up to the top of the stadium, and she was terrified, and he's got her bewitched so she can't even run when they start trampling tents! Why doesn't anyone do something about it?  Well, the elves are happy, aren't they? Ron said. You heard old Winky back at the match.. . 'House-elves is not supposed to have fun'. . . that's what she likes, being bossed around. . . .  It's people like you, Ron, Hermione began hotly, who prop up rotten and unjust systems, just because they're too lazy to -  Another loud bang echoed from the edge of the wood.  Let's just keep moving, shall we? said Ron, and Harry saw him glance edgily at Hermione. Perhaps there was truth in what Malfoy had said	 perhaps Hermione was in more danger than they were. They set off again, Harry still searching his pockets, even though he knew his wand wasn't there.  They followed the dark path deeper into the wood, still keeping an eye out for Fred, George, and Ginny. They passed a group of goblins who were cackling over a sack of gold that they had undoubtedly won betting on the match, and who seemed quite unperturbed by the trouble at the campsite. Farther still along the path, they walked into a patch of silvery light, and when they looked through the trees, they saw three tall and beautiful veela standing in a clearing, surrounded by a gaggle of young wizards, all of whom were talking very loudly.  I pull down about a hundred sacks of Galleons a year! one of them shouted. I'm a dragon killer for the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures.  No, you're not! yelled his friend. You're a dishwasher at the Leaky Cauldron. . . .  but I'm a vampire hunter, I've killed about ninety so far -  A third young wizard, whose pimples were visible even by the dim, silvery light of the veela, now cut in, I'm about to become the youngest ever Minister of Magic, I am.  Harry snorted with laughter. He recognized the pimply wizard: His name was Stan Shunpike, and he was in fact a conductor on the triple-decker Knight Bus. He turned to tell Ron this, but Ron's face had gone oddly slack, and next second Ron was yelling, Did I tell you I've invented a broomstick that'll reach Jupiter?  Honestly! said Hermione, and she and Harry grabbed Ron firmly by the arms, wheeled him around, and marched him away. By the time the sounds of the veela and their admirers had faded completely, they were in the very heart of the wood. They seemed to be alone now	 everything was much quieter.  Harry looked around. I reckon we can just wait here, you know. We'll hear anyone coming a mile off.  The words were hardly out of his mouth, when Ludo Bagman emerged from behind a tree right ahead of them.  Even by the feeble light of the two wands, Harry could see that a great change had come over Bagman. He no longer looked buoyant and rosy-faced	 there was no more spring in his step. He looked very white and strained.  Who's that? he said, blinking down at them, trying to make out their faces. What are you doing in here, all alone?  They looked at one another, surprised.  Well - there's a sort of riot going on, said Ron.  Bagman stared at him.  What?  At the campsite. . . some people have got hold of a family of Muggles. . .  Bagman swore loudly.  Damn them! he said, looking quite distracted, and without another word, he Disapparated with a small pop!  Not exactly on top of things, Mr. Bagman, is he? said Hermione, frowning.  He was a great Beater, though, said Ron, leading the way off the path into a small clearing, and sitting down on a patch of dry grass at the foot of a tree. The Wimbourne Wasps won the league three times in a row while he was with them.  He took his small figure of Krum out of his pocket, set it down on the ground, and watched it walk around. Like the real Krum, the model was slightly duck-footed and round-shouldered, much less impressive on his splayed feet than on his broomstick. Harry was listening for noise from the campsite. Everything seemed much quieter	 perhaps the riot was over.  I hope the others are okay, said Hermione after a while.  They'll be fine, said Ron.  Imagine if your dad catches Lucius Malfoy, said Harry, sitting down next to Ron and watching the small figure of Krum slouching over the fallen leaves. He's always said he'd like to get something on him.  That'd wipe the smirk off old Draco's face, all right, said Ron.  Those poor Muggles, though, said Hermione nervously. What if they can't get them down?  They will, said Ron reassuringly. They'll find a way.  Mad, though, to do something like that when the whole Ministry of Magic's out here tonight! said Hermione. I mean, how do they expect to get away with it? Do you think they've been drinking, or are they just -  But she broke off abruptly and looked over her shoulder. Harry and Ron looked quickly around too. It sounded as though someone was staggering toward their clearing. They waited, listening to the sounds of the uneven steps behind the dark trees. But the footsteps came to a sudden halt.  Hello? called Harry.  There was silence. Harry got to his feet and peered around the tree. It was too dark to see very far, but he could sense somebody standing just beyond the range of his vision.  Who's there? he said.  And then, without warning, the silence was rent by a voice unlike any they had heard in the wood
Goblet of Fire=  Mr. Weasley woke them after only a few hours sleep. He used magic to pack up the tents, and they left the campsite as quickly as possible, passing Mr. Roberts at the door of his cottage. Mr. Roberts had a strange, dazed look about him, and he waved them off with a vague Merry Christmas.  He'll be all right, said Mr. Weasley quietly as they marched off onto the moor. Sometimes, when a person's memory's modified, it makes him a bit disorientated for a while...and that was a big thing they had to make him forget.  They heard urgent voices as they approached the spot where the Portkeys lay, and when they reached it, they found a great number of witches and wizards gathered around Basil, the keeper of the Portkeys, all clamoring to get away from the campsite as quickly as possible. Mr. Weasley had a hurried discussion with Basil	 they joined the queue, and were able to take an old rubber tire back to Stoatshead Hill before the sun had really risen. They walked back through Ottery St. Catchpole and up the damp lane toward the Burrow in the dawn light, talking very little because they were so exhausted, and thinking longingly of their breakfast. As they rounded the corner and the Burrow came into view, a cry echoed along the lane.  Oh thank goodness, thank goodness!  Mrs. Weasley, who had evidently been waiting for them in the front yard, came running toward them, still wearing her bedroom slippers, her face pale and strained, a rolled-up copy of the Daily Prophet clutched in her hand.  Arthur - I've been so worried - so worried-  She flung her arms around Mr. Weasley's neck, and the Daily Prophet fell out of her limp hand onto the ground. Looking down, Harry saw the headline: SCENES OF TERROR AT THE QUIDDITCH WORLD CUP, complete with a twinkling black-and-white photograph of the Dark Mark over the treetops.  You're all right, Mrs. Weasley muttered distractedly, releasing Mr. Weasley and staring around at them all with red eyes, you're alive. . . . Oh boys. .  And to everybody's surprise, she seized Fred and George and pulled them both into such a tight hug that their heads banged together.  Ouch! Mum - you're strangling us -  I shouted at you before you left! Mrs. Weasley said, starting to sob. It's all I've  been thinking about! What if You-Know-Who had got you, and the last thing I ever said to you was that you didn't get enough OW.L.s? Oh Fred. . . George. .  Come on, now, Molly, we're all perfectly okay, said Mr. Weasley soothingly, prising her off the twins and leading her back toward the house. Bill, he added in an undertone, pick up that paper, I want to see what it says. . .  When they were all crammed into the tiny kitchen, and Hermione had made Mrs. Weasley a cup of very strong tea, into which Mr. Weasley insisted on pouring a shot of Ogdens Old Firewhiskey, Bill handed his father the newspaper. Mr. Weasley scanned the front page while Percy looked over his shoulder.  I knew it, said Mr. Weasley heavily. Ministry blunders. . . culprits not apprehended.  . . lax security. . . Dark wizards running unchecked... national disgrace. . . Who wrote this? Ah. . . of course. . . Rita Skeeter.  That woman's got it in for the Ministry of Magic! said Percy furiously. Last week she was saying we're wasting our time quibbling about cauldron thickness, when we should be stamping out vampires! As if it wasn't specifically stated in paragraph twelve of the Guidelines for the Treatment of Non-Wizard Part-Humans --  Do us a favor, Perce, said Bill, yawning, and shut up.  I'm mentioned, said Mr. Weasley, his eyes widening behind his glasses as he reached the bottom of the Daily Prophet article.  Where? spluttered Mrs. Weasley, choking on her tea and whiskey. If I'd seen that, I'd have known you were alive!  Not by name, said Mr. Weasley. Listen to this: 'If the terrified wizards and witches who waited breathlessly for news at the edge of the wood expected reassurance from the Ministry ofMagic, they were sadly disappointed. A Ministry official emerged some time after the appearance of the Dark Mark alleging that nobody had been hurt, but reflising to give any more information. Whether this statement will be enough to quash the rumors that several bodies were removed from the woods an hour later, remains to be seen.' Oh really, said Mr. Weasley in exasperation, handing the paper to Percy. Nobody was hurt.  What was I supposed to say? Rumors that several bodies were removed from the woods. . .  well, there certainly will be rumors now she's printed that.  He heaved a deep sigh. Molly, I'm going to have to go into the office	 this is going to take some smoothing over.  I'll come with you, Father, said Percy importantly. Mr. Crouch will need all hands on deck. And I can give him my cauldron report in person.  He bustled out of the kitchen. Mrs. Weasley looked most upset. Arthur, you're supposed to be on holiday! This hasn't got anything to do with your office	 surely they can handle this without you?  I've got to go, Molly, said Mr. Weasley. I've made things worse. I'll just change into my robes and I'll be off. . . .  Mrs. Weasley, said Harry suddenly, unable to contain himself, Hedwig hasn't arrived with a letter for me, has she?  Hedwig, dear? said Mrs. Weasley distractedly. No. . . no, there hasn't been any post at all.  Ron and Hermione looked curiously at Harry. With a meaningful look at both of them he said, All right if I go and dump my stuff in your room, Ron?  Yeah. . . think I will too, said Ron at once. Hermione?  Yes, she said quickly, and the three of them marched out of the kitchen and up the stairs.  What's up, Harry? said Ron, the moment they had closed the door of the attic room behind them.  There's something I haven't told you, Harry said. On Saturday morning, I woke up with my scar hurting again.  Ron's and Hermione's reactions were almost exactly as Harry had imagined them back in his bedroom on Privet Drive. Hermione gasped and started making suggestions at once, mentioning a number of reference books, and everybody from Albus Dumbledore to Madam Pomfrey, the Hogwarts nurse. Ron simply looked dumbstruck.  But - he wasn't there, was he? You-Know-Who? I mean - last time your scar kept hurting, he was at Hogwarts, wasn't he?  I'm sure he wasn't on Privet Drive, said Harry. But I was dreaming about him.. . him and Peter - you know, Wormtail. I can't remember all of it now, but they were plotting to kill...someone.  He had teetered for a moment on the verge of saying me, but couldn't bring himself to make Hermione look any more horrified than she already did.  It was only a dream, said Ron bracingly. Just a nightmare.  Yeah, but was it, though? said Harry, turning to look out of the window at the brightening sky. It's weird, isn't it?. . . My scar hurts, and three days later the Death Eaters are on the march, and Voldemort's sign's up in the sky again.  Don't - say - his - name! Ron hissed through gritted teeth.  And remember what Professor Trelawney said? Harry went on, ignoring Ron. At the end of last year?  Professor Trelawney was their Divination teacher at Hogwarts. Hermione's terrified look vanished as she let out a derisive snort.  Oh Harry, you aren't going to pay attention to anything that old fraud says?  You weren't there, said Harry. You didn't hear her. This time was different. I told you, she went into a trance - a real one. And she said the Dark Lord would rise again. .  . greater and more terrible than ever before. . . and he'd manage it because his servant was going to go back to him. . . and that night Wormtail escaped.  There was a silence in which Ron fidgeted absentmindedly with a hole in his Chudley Cannons bedspread.  Why were you asking if Hedwig had come, Harry? Hermione asked. Are you expecting a letter?  I told Sirius about my scar, said Harry, shrugging. I'm waiting for his answer.  Good thinking! said Ron, his expression clearing. I bet Sirius'll know what to do!  I hoped he'd get back to me quickly, said Harry.  But we don't know where Sirius is. . . he could be in Africa or somewhere, couldn't he?  said Hermione reasonably. Hedwig's not going to manage that journey in a few days.  Yeah, I know, said Harry, but there was a leaden feeling in his stomach as he looked out of the window at the Hedwig-free sky.  Come and have a game of Quidditch in the orchard, Harry said Ron. Come on - three on three, Bill and Charlie and Fred and George will play. .. . You can try out the Wronski Feint... .  Ron, said Hermione, in an I-don't-think-you're-being-very-sensitive sort of voice, Harry doesn't want to play Quidditch right now... . He's worried, and he's tired. . . .  We all need to go to bed...  Yeah, I want to play Quidditch, said Harry suddenly. Hang on, I'll get my Firebolt.  Hermione left the room, muttering something that sounded very much like Boys.  Neither Mr. Weasley nor Percy was at home much over the following week. Both left the house each morning before the rest of the family got up, and returned well after dinner every night.  It's been an absolute uproar, Percy told them importantly the Sunday evening before they were due to return to Hogwarts. I've been putting out fires all week. People keep sending Howlers, and of course, if you don't open a Howler straight away, it explodes.  Scorch marks all over my desk and my best quill reduced to cinders.  Why are they all sending Howlers? asked Ginny, who was mending her copy of One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi with Spellotape on the rug in front of the living room fire.  Complaining about security at the World Cup, said Percy. They want compensation for their ruined property. Mundungus Fletcher's put in a claim for a twelve-bedroomed tent with en-suite Jacuzzi, but I've got his number. I know for a fact he was sleeping under a cloak propped on sticks.  Mrs. Weasley glanced at the grandfather clock in the corner. Harry liked this clock. It was completely useless if you wanted to know the time, but otherwise very informative.  It had nine golden hands, and each of them was engraved with one of the Weasley family's names. There were no numerals around the face, but descriptions of where each family member might be. Home, school, and work were there, but there was also traveling,  lost, hospital, prison, and, in the position where the number twelve would be on a normal clock, mortal peril.  Eight of the hands were currently pointing to the home position, but Mr. Weasley's, which was the longest, was still pointing to work. Mrs. Weasley sighed.  Your father hasn't had to go into the office on weekends since the days of You-Know-Who, she said. They're working him far too hard. His dinner's going to be  ruined if he doesn't come home soon.  Well, Father feels he's got to make up for his mistake at the match, doesn't he? said Percy. If truth be told, he was a tad unwise to make a public statement without clearing it with his Head of Department first -  Don't you dare blame your father for what that wretched Skeeter woman wrote! said Mrs.  Weasley, flaring up at once.  If Dad hadn't said anything, old Rita would just have said it was disgraceful that nobody from the Ministry had commented, said Bill, who was playing chess with Ron.  Rita Skeeter never makes anyone look good. Remember, she interviewed all the Gringotts' Charm Breakers once, and called me 'a long-haired pillock'?  Well, it is a bit long, dear, said Mrs. Weasley gently. If you'd just let me -  No, Mum.  Rain lashed against the living room window. Hermione was immersed in The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 4, copies of which Mrs. Weasley had bought for her, Harry, and Ron in Diagon Alley. Charlie was darning a fireproof balaclava. Harry was polishing his Firebolt, the broomstick servicing kit Hermione had given him for his thirteenth birthday open at his feet. Fred and George were sitting in a far corner, quills out, talking in whispers, their heads bent over a piece of parchment.  What are you two up to? said Mrs. Weasley sharply, her eyes on the twins.  Homework, said Fred vaguely.  Don't be ridiculous, you're still on holiday, said Mrs. Weasley.  Yeah, we've left it a bit late, said George.  You're not by any chance writing out a new order form, are you? said Mrs. Weasley shrewdly. You wouldn't be thinking of restarting Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes, by any chance?  Now, Mum, said Fred, looking up at her, a pained look on his face. If the Hogwarts Express crashed tomorrow, and George and I died, how would you feel to know that the last thing we ever heard from you was an unfounded accusation?  Everyone laughed, even Mrs. Weasley.  Oh your father's coming! she said suddenly, looking up at the clock again.  Mr. Weasley's hand had suddenly spun from work to traveling	 a second later it had shuddered to a halt on home with the others, and they heard him calling from the kitchen.  Coming, Arthur! called Mrs. Weasley, hurrying out of the room.  A few moments later, Mr. Weasley came into the warm living room carrying his dinner on a tray. He looked completely exhausted.  Well, the fat's really in the fire now, he told Mrs. Weasley as he sat down in an armchair near the hearth and toyed unenthusiastically with his somewhat shriveled cauliflower. Rita Skeeter's been ferreting around all week, looking for more Ministry mess-ups to report. And now she's found out about poor old Bertha going missing, so that'll be the headline in the Prophet tomorrow. I told Bagman he should have sent someone to look for her ages ago.  Mr. Crouch has been saying it for weeks and weeks, said Percy swiftly.  Crouch is very lucky Rita hasn't found out about Winky, said Mr. Weasley irritably.  There'd be a week's worth of headlines in his house-elf being caught holding the wand that conjured the Dark Mark.  I thought we were all agreed that that elf, while irresponsible, did not conjure the Mark? said Percy hotly.  If you ask me, Mr. Crouch is very lucky no one at the Daily Prophet knows how mean he is to elves! said Hermione angrily.  Now look here, Hermione! said Percy. A high-ranking Ministry official like Mr. Crouch deserves unswerving obedience from his servants -  His slave, you mean! said Hermione, her voice rising passionately, because he didn't pay Winky, did he?  I think you'd all better go upstairs and check that you've packed properly! said Mrs.  Weasley, breaking up the argument. Come on now, all of you. . . .  Harry repacked his broomstick servicing kit, put his Firebolt over his shoulder, and went back upstairs with Ron. The rain sounded even louder at the top of the house, accompanied by loud whistlings and moans from the wind, not to mention sporadic howls from the ghoul who lived in the attic. Pigwidgeon began twittering and zooming around his cage when they entered. The sight of the half-packed trunks seemed to have sent him  into a frenzy of excitement.  Bung him some Owl Treats, said Ron, throwing a packet across to Harry. It might shut him up.  Harry poked a few Owl Treats through the bars of Pigwidgeon's cage, then turned to his trunk. Hedwig's cage stood next to it, still empty.  It's been over a week, Harry said, looking at Hedwig's deserted perch. Ron, you don't reckon Sirius has been caught, do you?  Nah, it would've been in the Daily Prophet, said Ron. The Ministry would want to show they'd caught someone, wouldn't they?  Yeah, I suppose. . . .  Look, here's the stuff Mum got for you in Diagon Alley. And she's got some gold out of your vault for you. . . and she's washed all your socks.  He heaved a pile of parcels onto Harry's camp bed and dropped the money bag and a load of socks next to it. Harry started unwrapping the shopping. Apart from The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 4, by Miranda Goshawk, he had a handful of new quills, a dozen rolls of parchment, and refills for his potion-making kit - he had been running low on spine of lionfish and essence of belladonna. He was just piling underwear into his cauldron when Ron made a loud noise of disgust behind him.  What is that supposed to be?  He was holding up something that looked to Harry like a long, maroon velvet dress. It had a moldy-looking lace frill at the collar and matching lace cuffs.  There was a knock on the door, and Mrs. Weasley entered, carrying an armful of freshly laundered Hogwarts robes.  Here you are, she said, sorting them into two piles. Now, mind you pack them properly so they don't crease.  Mum, you've given me Ginny's new dress, said Ron, handing it out to her.  Of course I haven't, said Mrs. Weasley. That's for you. Dress robes.  What? said Ron, looking horror-struck.  Dress robes! repeated Mrs. Weasley. It says on your school list that you're supposed to have dress robes this year. . . robes for formal occasions.  You've got to be kidding, said Ron in disbelief. I'm not wearing that, no way.  Everyone wears them, Ron! said Mrs. Weasley crossly. They're all like that! Your father's got some for smart parties!  I'll go starkers before I put that on, said Ron stubbornly.  Don't be so silly, said Mrs. Weasley. You've got to have dress robes, they're on your list! I got some for Harry too. . . show him, Harry... .  In some trepidation, Harry opened the last parcel on his camp bed. It wasn't as bad as he had expected, however	 his dress robes didn't have any lace on them at all - in fact, they were more or less the same as his school ones, except that they were bottle green instead of black.  I thought they'd bring out the color of your eyes, dear, said Mrs. Weasley fondly.  Well, they're okay! said Ron angrily, looking at Harry's robes. Why couldn't I have some like that?  Because. . . well, I had to get yours secondhand, and there wasn't a lot of choice!  said Mrs. Weasley, flushing.  Harry looked away. He would willingly have split all the money in his Gringotts vault with the Weasleys, but he knew they would never take it.  I'm never wearing them, Ron was saying stubbornly. Never.  Fine, snapped Mrs. Weasley. Go naked. And, Harry, make sure you get a picture of him.  Goodness knows I could do with a laugh.  She left the room, slamming the door behind her. There was a funny spluttering noise from behind them. Pigwidgeon was choking on an overlarge Owl Treat.  Why is everything I own rubbish? said Ron furiously, striding across the room to unstick Pigwidgeon's beak.,68,Goblet of Fire,10								
Goblet of Fire=  There was a definite end-of-the-holidays gloom in the air when Harry awoke next morning. Heavy rain was still splattering against the window as he got dressed in jeans and a sweatshirt	 they would change into their school robes on the Hogwarts Express.  He, Ron, Fred, and George had just reached the first-floor landing on their way down to breakfast, when Mrs. Weasley appeared at the foot of the stairs, looking harassed.  Arthur! she called up the staircase. Arthur! Urgent message from the Ministry!  Harry flattened himself against the wall as Mr. Weasley came clattering past with his robes on back-to-front and hurtled out of sight. When Harry and the others entered the kitchen, they saw Mrs. Weasley rummaging anxiously in the drawers - I've got a quill here somewhere! - and Mr. Weasley bending over the fire, talking to -Harry shut his eyes hard and opened them again to make sure that they were working properly.  Amos Diggory's head was sitting in the middle of the flames like a large, bearded egg. It was talking very fast, completely unperturbed by the sparks flying around it and the flames licking its ears.  . . . Muggle neighbors heard bangs and shouting, so they went and called those what-d'you-call-'ems - please-men. Arthur, you've got to get over there --  Here! said Mrs. Weasley breathlessly, pushing a piece of parchment, a bottle of ink, and a crumpled quill into Mr. Weasley's hands.  - it's a real stroke of luck I heard about it, said Mr. Diggory's head. I had to come into the office early to send a couple of owls, and I found the Improper Use of Magic lot all setting off -- if Rita Skeeter gets hold of this one, Arthur --  What does Mad-Eye say happened? asked Mr. Weasley, unscrewing the ink bottle, loading up his quill, and preparing to take notes.  Mr. Diggory's head rolled its eyes. Says he heard an intruder in his yard. Says he was creeping toward the house, but was ambushed by his dustbins.  What did the dustbins do? asked Mr. Weasley, scribbling frantically.  Made one hell of a noise and fired rubbish everywhere, as far as I can tell, said Mr.  Diggory. Apparently one of them was still rocketing around when the please-men turned up -  Mr. Weasley groaned.  And what about the intruder?  Arthur, you know Mad-Eye, said Mr. Diggory's head, rolling its eyes again. Someone creeping into his yard in the dead of night? More likely there's a very shell-shocked cat wandering around somewhere, covered in potato peelings. But if the Improper Use of Magic lot get their hands on Mad-Eye, he's had it -- think of his record -- we've got to get him off on a minor charge, something in your department -- what are exploding dustbins worth?  Might be a caution, said Mr. Weasley, still writing very fast, his brow furrowed.  Mad-Eye didn't use his wand? He didn't actually attack anyone?  I'll bet he leapt out of bed and started jinxing everything he could reach through the window, said Mr. Diggory, but they'll have a job proving it, there aren't any casualties.  All right, I'm off, Mr. Weasley said, and he stuffed the parchment with his notes on it into his pocket and dashed out of the kitchen again.  Mr. Diggory's head looked around at Mrs. Weasley.  Sorry about this, Molly, it said, more calmly, bothering you so early and everything...but Arthur's the only one who can get Mad-Eye off, and Mad-Eye's supposed to be starting his new job today. Why he had to choose last night. .  Never mind, Amos, said Mrs. Weasley. Sure you won't have a bit of toast or anything before you go?  Oh go on, then, said Mr. Diggory.  Mrs. Weasley took a piece of buttered toast from a stack on the kitchen table, put it into the fire tongs, and transferred it into Mr. Diggory's mouth.  Fanks, he said in a muffled voice, and then, with a small pop, vanished.  Harry could hear Mr. Weasley calling hurried good-byes to Bill, Charlie, Percy, and the girls. Within five minutes, he was back in the kitchen, his robes on the right way now, dragging a comb through his hair.  I'd better hurry - you have a good term, boys, said Mr. Weasley to Harry, Ron, and the twins, fastening a cloak over his shoulders and preparing to Disapparate. Molly, are you going to be all right taking the kids to King's Cross?  Of course I will, she said. You just look after Mad-Eye, we'll be fine.  As Mr. Weasley vanished, Bill and Charlie entered the kitchen.  Did someone say Mad-Eye? Bill asked. What's he been up to now.  He says someone tried to break into his house last night, said Mrs. Weasley.  Mad-Eye Moody? said George thoughtfully, spreading marmalade on his toast. Isn't he that nutter -  Your father thinks very highly of Mad-Eye Moody, said Mrs. Weasley sternly.  Yeah, well, Dad collects plugs, doesn't he? said Fred quietly as Mrs. Weasley left the room. Birds of a feather. . .  Moody was a great wizard in his time, said Bill.  He's an old friend of Dumbledore's, isn't he? said Charlie.  Dumbledore's not what you'd call normal, though, is he? said Fred. I mean, I know he's a genius and everything.. .  Who is Mad-Eye? asked Harry.  He's retired, used to work at the Ministry, said Charlie. I met him once when Dad took me into work with him. He was an Auror - one of the best. . . a Dark wizard catcher, he added, seeing Harry's blank look Half the cells in Azkaban are full because of him. He made himself loads of enemies, though. . . the families of people he caught, mainly. . .  and I heard he's been getting really paranoid in his old age. Doesn't trust anyone anymore. Sees Dark wizards everywhere.  Bill and Charlie decided to come and see everyone off at King's Cross station, but Percy, apologizing most profusely, said that he really needed to get to work.  I just can't justify taking more time off at the moment, he told them. Mr. Crouch is really starting to rely on me.  Yeah, you know what, Percy? said George seriously. I reckon he'll know your name soon.  Mrs. Weasley had braved the telephone in the village post office to order three ordinary Muggle taxis to take them into London.  Arthur tried to borrow Ministry cars for us, Mrs. Weasley whispered to Harry as they stood in the rain-washed yard, watching the taxi drivers heaving six heavy Hogwarts trunks into their cars. But there weren't any to spare. . . . Oh dear, they don't look happy, do they?  Harry didn't like to tell Mrs. Weasley that Muggle taxi drivers rarely transported overexcited owls, and Pigwidgeon was making an earsplitting racket. Nor did it help that a number of Filibuster's Fabulous No-Heat, Wet-Start Fireworks went off unexpectedly when Fred's trunk sprang open, causing the driver carrying it to yell with fright and pain as Crookshanks clawed his way up the man's leg.  The journey was uncomfortable, owing to the fact that they were jammed in the back of the taxis with their trunks. Crookshanks took quite a while to recover from the fireworks, and by the time they entered London, Harry, Ron, and Hermione were all severely scratched. They were very relieved to get out at King's Cross, even though the rain was coming down harder than ever, and they got soaked carrying their trunks across the busy road and into the station.  Harry was used to getting onto platform nine and three-quarters by now. It was a simple matter of walking straight through the apparently solid barrier dividing platforms nine and ten. The only tricky part was doing this in an unobtrusive way, so as to avoid attracting Muggle attention. They did it in groups today	 Harry, Ron, and Hermione (the most conspicuous, since they were accompanied by Pigwidgeon and Crookshanks) went first	 they leaned casually against the barrier, chatting unconcernedly, and slid sideways through it. . . and as they did so, platform nine and three-quarters materialized in front of them.  The Hogwarts Express, a gleaming scarlet steam engine, was already there, clouds of steam billowing from it, through which the many Hogwarts students and parents on the platform appeared like dark ghosts. Pigwidgeon became noisier than ever in response to the hooting of many owls through the mist. Harry, Ron, and Hermione set off to find seats, and were soon stowing their luggage in a compartment halfway along the train. They then hopped back down onto the platform to say good-bye to Mrs. Weasley, Bill, and Charlie.  I might be seeing you all sooner than you think, said Charlie, grinning, as he hugged Ginny good-bye.  Why? said Fred keenly.  You'll see, said Charlie. Just don't tell Percy I mentioned it.. . it's 'classified information, until such time as the Ministry sees fit to release it,' after all.  Yeah, I sort of wish I were back at Hogwarts this year, said Bill, hands in his pockets, looking almost wistfully at the train.  Why? said George impatiently.  You're going to have an interesting year, said Bill, his eyes twinkling. I might even get time off to come and watch a bit of it.  A bit of what? said Ron.  But at that moment, the whistle blew, and Mrs. Weasley chivvied them toward the train doors.  Thanks for having us to stay, Mrs. Weasley, said Hermione as they climbed on board, closed the door, and leaned out of the window to talk to her.  Yeah, thanks for everything, Mrs. Weasley, said Harry.  Oh it was my pleasure, dears, said Mrs. Weasley. I'd invite you for Christmas, but...well, I expect you're all going to want to stay at Hogwarts, what with. . . one thing and another.  Mum! said Ron irritably. What d'you three know that we don't?  You'll find out this evening, I expect, said Mrs. Weasley, smiling. It's going to be very exciting - mind you, I'm very glad they've changed the rules -  What rules? said Harry, Ron, Fred, and George together.  I'm sure Professor Dumbledore will tell you. . . . Now, behave, won't you? Won't you, Fred? And you, George?  The pistons hissed loudly and the train began to move.  Tell us what's happening at Hogwarts! Fred bellowed out of the window as Mrs. Weasley, Bill, and Charlie sped away from them. What rules are they changing?  But Mrs. Weasley only smiled and waved. Before the train had rounded the corner, she, Bill, and Charlie had Disapparated.  Harry, Ron, and Hermione went back to their compartment. The thick rain splattering the windows made it very difficult to see out of them. Ron undid his trunk, pulled out his maroon dress robes, and flung them over Pigwidgeon's cage to muffle his hooting.  Bagman wanted to tell us what's happening at Hogwarts, he said grumpily, sitting down next to Harry. At the World Cup, remember? But my own mother won't say. Wonder what --  Shh! Hermione whispered suddenly, pressing her finger to her lips and pointing toward the compartment next to theirs. Harry and Ron listened, and heard a familiar drawling voice drifting in through the open door.  . . . Father actually considered sending me to Durmstrang rather than Hogwarts, you know. He knows the headmaster, you see. Well, you know his opinion of Dumbledore - the man's such a Mudblood-lover - and Durmstrang doesn't admit that sort of riffraff. But Mother didn't like the idea of me going to school so far away. Father says Durmstrang takes a far more sensible line than Hogwarts about the Dark Arts. Durmstrang students actually learn them, not just the defense rubbish we do. . . .  Hermione got up, tiptoed to the compartment door, and slid it shut, blocking out Malfoy's voice.  So he thinks Durmstrang would have suited him, does he? she said angrily. I wish he had gone, then we wouldn't have to put up with him.  Durmstrang's another wizarding school? said Harry.  Yes, said Hermione sniffily, and it's got a horrible reputation. According to An Appraisal ofMagical Education in Europe, it puts a lot of emphasis on the Dark Arts.  I think I've heard of it, said Ron vaguely. Where is it? What country?  Well, nobody knows, do they? said Hermione, raising her eyebrows.  Er - why not? said Harry.  There's traditionally been a lot of rivalry between all the magic schools. Durmstrang and Beauxbatons like to conceal their whereabouts so nobody can steal their secrets,  said Hermione matter-of-factly.  Come off it, said Ron, starting to laugh. Durmstrang's got to be about the same size as Hogwarts -- how are you going to hide a great big castle?  But Hogwarts is hidden, said Hermione, in surprise. Everyone knows that.. . well, everyone who's read Hogwarts, A History, anyway.  Just you, then, said Ron. So go on - how d'you hide a place like Hogwarts?  It's bewitched, said Hermione. If a Muggle looks at it, all they see is a moldering old ruin with a sign over the entrance saying DANGER, DO NOT ENTER, UNSAFE.  So Durmstrang'll just look like a ruin to an outsider too?  Maybe, said Hermione, shrugging, or it might have Muggle-repelling charms on it, like the World Cup stadium. And to keep foreign wizards from finding it, they'll have made it Unplottable -  Come again?  Well, you can enchant a building so it's impossible to plot on a map, can't you?  Er. . . if you say so, said Harry.  But I think Durmstrang must be somewhere in the far north, said Hermione thoughtfully.  Somewhere very cold, because they've got fur capes as part of their uniforms.  Ah, think of the possibilities, said Ron dreamily. It would've been so easy to push Malfoy off a glacier and make it look like an accident... . Shame his mother likes him. .  . .  The rain became heavier and heavier as the train moved farther north. The sky was so dark and the windows so steamy that the lanterns were lit by midday. The lunch trolley came rattling along the corridor, and Harry bought a large stack of Cauldron Cakes for them to share.  Several of their friends looked in on them as the afternoon progressed, including Seamus Finnigan, Dean Thomas, and Neville Longbottom, a round-faced, extremely forgetful boy who had been brought up by his formidable witch of a grandmother. Seamus was still wearing his Ireland rosette. Some of its magic seemed to be wearing off now	 it was still squeaking Troy - Mullet - Moran! but in a very feeble and exhausted sort of way.  After half an hour or so, Hermione, growing tired of the endless Quidditch talk, buried herself once more in The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 4, and started trying to learn a Summoning Charm.  Neville listened jealously to the others' conversation as they relived the Cup match.  Gran didn't want to go, he said miserably. Wouldn't buy tickets. It sounded amazing though.  It was, said Ron. Look at this, Neville. . .  He rummaged in his trunk up in the luggage rack and pulled out the miniature figure of Viktor Krum.  Oh wow, said Neville enviously as Ron tipped Krum onto his pudgy hand.  We saw him right up close, as well, said Ron. We were in the Top Box -  For the first and last time in your life, Weasley.  Draco Malfoy had appeared in the doorway. Behind him stood Crabbe and Goyle, his enormous, thuggish cronies, both of whom appeared to have grown at least a foot during the summer. Evidently they had overheard the conversation through the compartment door, which Dean and Seamus had left ajar.  Don't remember asking you to join us, Malfoy, said Harry coolly.  Weasley. . . what is that? said Malfoy, pointing at Pigwidgeon's cage. A sleeve of Ron's dress robes was dangling from it, swaying with the motion of the train, the moldy lace cuff very obvious.  Ron made to stuff the robes out of sight, but Malfoy was too quick for him	 he seized the sleeve and pulled.  Look at this! said Malfoy in ecstasy, holding up Ron's robes and showing Crabbe and Goyle, Weasley, you weren't thinking of wearing these, were you? I mean - they were very fashionable in about eighteen ninety. . .  Eat dung, Malfoy! said Ron, the same color as the dress robes as he snatched them back out of Malfoy's grip. Malfoy howled with derisive laughter	 Crabbe and Goyle guffawed stupidly.  So. . . going to enter, Weasley? Going to try and bring a bit of glory to the family name? There's money involved as well, you know. . . you'd be able to afford some decent robes if you won. . . .  What are you talking about? snapped Ron.  'Are you going to enter?' Malfoy repeated. I suppose you will, Potter? You never miss a chance to show off, do you?  Either explain what you're on about or go away, Malfoy, said Hermione testily, over the top of The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 4.  A gleeful smile spread across Malfoy's pale face Don't tell me you don't know? he said delightedly. You've got a father and brother at the Ministry and you don't even know? My God, my father told me about it ages ago. . .  heard it from Cornelius Fudge. But then, Father's always associated with the top people at the Ministry. . . . Maybe your father's too junior to know about it, Weasley. . . yes.  . . they probably don't talk about important stuff in front of him. . . .  Laughing once more, Malfoy beckoned to Crabbe and Goyle, and the three of them disappeared.  Ron got to his feet and slammed the sliding compartment door so hard behind them that the glass shattered.  Ron! said Hermione reproachfully, and she pulled out her wand, muttered Reparo! and the glass shards flew back into a single pane and back into the door.  Well.. . making it look like he knows everything and we don't.. . . Ron snarled.  Father's always associated with the top peopie at the Ministry.'. . . Dad could've got a promotion any time... he just likes it where he is. . . .  Of course he does, said Hermione quietly. Don't let Malfoy get to you, Ron -  Him! Get to me!? As if! said Ron, picking up one of the remaining Cauldron Cakes and squashing it into a pulp.  Ron's bad mood continued for the rest of the journey. He didn't talk much as they changed into their school robes, and was still glowering when the Hogwarts Express slowed down at last and finally stopped in the pitch-darkness of Hogsmeade station.  As the train doors opened, there was a rumble of thunder overhead. Hermione bundled up Crookshanks in her cloak and Ron left his dress robes over Pigwidgeon as they left the train, heads bent and eyes narrowed against the downpour. The rain was now coming down so thick and fast that it was as though buckets of ice-cold water were being emptied repeatedly over their heads.  Hi, Hagrid! Harry yelled, seeing a gigantic silhouette at the far end of the platform.  All righ', Harry? Hagrid bellowed back, waving. See yeh at the feast if we don' drown!  First years traditionally reached Hogwarts Castle by sailing across the lake with Hagrid.  Oooh, I wouldn't fancy crossing the lake in this weather, said Hermione fervently, shivering as they inched slowly along the dark platform with the rest of the crowd. A hundred horseless carriages stood waiting for them outside the station. Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Neville climbed gratefully into one of them, the door shut with a snap, and a few moments later, with a great lurch, the long procession of carriages was rumbling and splashing its way up the track toward Hogwarts Castle.,69,Goblet of Fire,11							
Goblet of Fire=  Through the gates, flanked with statues of winged boars, and up the sweeping drive the carriages trundled, swaying dangerously in what was fast becoming a gale. Leaning against the window, Harry could see Hogwarts coming nearer, its many lighted windows blurred and shimmering behind the thick curtain of rain. Lightning flashed across the sky as their carriage came to a halt before the great oak front doors, which stood at the top of a flight of stone steps. People who had occupied the carriages in front were already hurrying up the stone steps into the castle. Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Neville jumped down from their carriage and dashed up the steps too, looking up only when they were safely inside the cavernous, torch-lit entrance hall, with its magnificent marble staircase.  Blimey, said Ron, shaking his head and sending water everywhere, if that keeps up the lake's going to overflow. I'm soak - ARRGH!  A large, red, water-filled balloon had dropped from out of the ceiling onto Ron's head and exploded. Drenched and sputtering, Ron staggered sideways into Harry, just as a second water bomb dropped - narrowly missing Hermione, it burst at Harry's feet, sending a wave of cold water over his sneakers into his socks. People all around them shrieked and started pushing one another in their efforts to get out of the line of fire. Harry looked up and saw, floating twenty feet above them, Peeves the Poltergeist, a little man in a bell-covered hat and orange bow tie, his wide, malicious face contorted with concentration as he took aim again.  PEEVES! yelled an angry voice. Peeves, come down here at ONCE!  Professor McGonagall, Deputy Headmistress and head of Gryffindor House, had come dashing out of the Great Hall	 she skidded on the wet floor and grabbed Hermione around the neck to stop herself from falling.  Ouch - sorry, Miss Granger -  That's all right, Professor! Hermione gasped, massaging her throat.  Peeves, get down here NOW! barked Professor McGonagall, straightening her pointed hat  and glaring upward through her square-rimmed spectacles.  Not doing nothing! cackled Peeves, lobbing a water bomb at several fifth-year girls, who screamed and dived into the Great Hall. Already wet, aren't they? Little squirts!  Wheeeeeeeeee! And he aimed another bomb at a group of second years who had just arrived.  I shall call the headmaster! shouted Professor McGonagall. I'm warning you, Peeves -  Peeves stuck out his tongue, threw the last of his water bombs into the air, and zoomed off up the marble staircase, cackling insanely.  Well, move along, then! said Professor McGonagall sharply to the bedraggled crowd.  Into the Great Hall, come on!  Harry, Ron, and Hermione slipped and slid across the entrance hall and through the double doors on the right, Ron muttering furiously under his breath as he pushed his sopping hair off his face.  The Great Hall looked its usual splendid self, decorated for the start-of-term feast.  Golden plates and goblets gleamed by the light of hundreds and hundreds of candles, floating over the tables in midair. The four long House tables were packed with chattering students	 at the top of the Hall, the staff sat along one side of a fifth table, facing their pupils. It was much warmer in here. Harry, Ron, and Hermione walked past the Slytherins, the Ravenclaws, and the Hufflepuffs, and sat down with the rest of the Gryffindors at the far side of the Hall, next to Nearly Headless Nick, the Gryffindor ghost. Pearly white and semitransparent, Nick was dressed tonight in his usual doublet, but with a particularly large ruff, which served the dual purpose of looking extra-festive, and insuring that his head didn't wobble too much on his partially severed neck.  Good evening, he said, beaming at them.  Says who? said Harry, taking off his sneakers and emptying them of water. Hope they hurry up with the Sorting. I'm starving.  The Sorting of the new students into Houses took place at the start of every school year, but by an unlucky combination of circumstances, Harry hadn't been present at one since his own. He was quite looking forward to it. Just then, a highly excited, breathless voice called down the table.  Hiya, Harry!  It was Colin Creevey, a third year to whom Harry was something of a hero.  Hi, Colin, said Harry warily.  Harry, guess what? Guess what, Harry? My brother's starting! My brother Dennis!  Er - good, said Harry.  He's really excited! said Colin, practically bouncing up and down in his seat. I just hope he's in Gryffindor! Keep your fingers crossed, eh, Harry?  Er - yeah, all right, said Harry. He turned back to Hermione, Ron, and Nearly Headless Nick. Brothers and sisters usually go in the same Houses, don't they? he said. He was judging by the Weasleys, all seven of whom had been put into Gryffindor.  Oh no, not necessarily, said Hermione. Parvati Patil's twin's in Ravenclaw, and they're identical. You'd think they'd be together, wouldn't you?  Harry looked up at the staff table. There seemed to be rather more empty seats there than usual. Hagrid, of course, was still fighting his way across the lake with the first years	 Professor McGonagall was presumably supervising the drying of the entrance hall floor, but there was another empty chair too, and Harry couldn't think who else was missing.  Where's the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher? said Hermione, who was also looking up at the teachers.  They had never yet had a Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher who had lasted more than three terms. Harry's favorite by far had been Professor Lupin, who had resigned last year. He looked up and down the staff table. There was definitely no new face there.  Maybe they couldn't get anyone! said Hermione, looking anxious.  Harry scanned the table more carefully. Tiny little Professor Flitwick, the Charms teacher, was sitting on a large pile of cushions beside Professor Sprout, the Herbology teacher, whose hat was askew over her flyaway gray hair. She was talking to Professor Sinistra of the Astronomy department. On Professor Sinistra's other side was the sallow-faced, hook-nosed, greasy-haired Potions master, Snape - Harry's least favorite person at Hogwarts. Harry's loathing of Snape was matched only by Snape's hatred of him, a hatred which had, if possible, intensified last year, when Harry had helped Sirius  escape right under Snape's overlarge nose - Snape and Sirius had been enemies since their own school days.  On Snape's other side was an empty seat, which Harry guessed was Professor McGonagall's.  Next to it, and in the very center of the table, sat Professor Dumbledore, the headmaster, his sweeping silver hair and beard shining in the candlelight, his magnificent deep green robes embroidered with many stars and moons. The tips of Dumbledore's long, thin fingers were together and he was resting his chin upon them, staring up at the ceiling through his half-moon spectacles as though lost in thought.  Harry glanced up at the ceiling too. It was enchanted to look like the sky outside, and he had never seen it look this stormy. Black and purple clouds were swirling across it, and as another thunderclap sounded outside, a fork of lightning flashed across it.  Oh hurry up, Ron moaned, beside Harry, I could eat a hippogriff.  The words were no sooner out of his mouth than the doors of the Great Hall opened and silence fell. Professor McGonagall was leading a long line of first years up to the top of the Hall. If Harry, Ron, and Hermione were wet, it was nothing to how these first years looked. They appeared to have swum across the lake rather than sailed. All of them were shivering with a combination of cold and nerves as they filed along the staff table and came to a halt in a line facing the rest of the school - all of them except the smallest of the lot, a boy with mousy hair, who was wrapped in what Harry recognized as Hagrid's moleskin overcoat. The coat was so big for him that it hooked as though he were draped in a furry black circus tent. His small face protruded from over the collar, looking almost painfully excited. When he had lined up with his terrified-looking peers, he caught Colin Creevey's eye, gave a double thumbs-up, and mouthed, I fell in the lake!  He looked positively delighted about it.  Professor McGonagall now placed a three-legged stool on the ground before the first years and, on top of it, an extremely old, dirty patched wizard's hat. The first years stared at it. So did everyone else. For a moment, there was silence. Then a long tear near the brim opened wide like a mouth, and the hat broke into song:  A thousand years or more ago, When I was newly sewn, There lived four wizards of renown, Whose names are still well known:  Bold Gryffindor, from wild moor, Fair Ravenclaw, from glen, Sweet Hufflepuff, from valley broad, Shrewd Slytherin, from fin.  They shared a wish, a hope, a dream, They hatched a daring plan To educate young sorcerers Thus Hogwarts School began.  Now each of these four founders Formed their own house, for each Did value different virtues In the ones they had to teach.  By Gryffindor, the bravest were Prized far beyond the rest	 For Ravenclaw, the cleverest Would always be the best	 For Hufflepuff, hard workers were Most worthy of admission	 And power-hungry Slytherin Loved those of great ambition.  While still alive they did divide Their favorites from the throng, Yet how to pick the worthy ones When they were dead and gone?  'Twas Gryffindor who found the way, He whipped me off his head The founders put some brains in me So I could choose instead!  Now slip me snug about your ears, I've never yet been wrong, I'll have a look inside your mind And tell where you belong!  The Great Hall rang with applause as the Sorting Hat finished.  That's not the song it sang when it Sorted us, said Harry, clapping along with everyone else.  Sings a different one every year, said Ron. It's got to be a pretty boring life, hasn't it, being a hat? I suppose it spends all year making up the next one.  Professor McGonagall was now unrolling a large scroll of parchment.  When I call out your name, you will put on the hat and sit on the stool, she told the first years. When the hat announces your House, you will go and sit at the appropriate table.  Ackerley, Stewart!  A boy walked forward, visibly trembling from head to foot, picked up the Sorting Hat, put it on, and sat down on the stool.  RAVENCLAW! shouted the hat.  Stewart Ackerley took off the hat and hurried into a seat at the Ravenclaw table, where everyone was applauding him. Harry caught a glimpse of Cho, the Ravenclaw Seeker, cheering Stewart Ackerley as he sat down. For a fleeting second, Harry had a strange desire to join the Ravenclaw table too.  Baddock, Malcolm!  SLYTHERIN!  The table on the other side of the hall erupted with cheers	 Harry could see Malfoy clapping as Baddock joined the Slytherins. Harry wondered whether Baddock knew that Slytherin House had turned out more Dark witches and wizards than any other. Fred and George hissed Malcolm Baddock as he sat down.  Branstone, Eleanor!  HUFFLEPUFF!  Cauldwell, Owen!  HUFFLEPUFF!  Creevey, Dennis!  Tiny Dennis Creevey staggered forward, tripping over Hagrid's moleskin, just as Hagrid himself sidled into the Hall through a door behind the teachers' table. About twice as tall as a normal man, and at least three times as broad, Hagrid, with his long, wild, tangled black hair and beard, looked slightly alarming - a misleading impression, for Harry, Ron, and Hermione knew Hagrid to possess a very kind nature. He winked at them as he sat down at the end of the staff table and watched Dennis Creevey putting on the Sorting Hat. The rip at the brim opened wide-- - GRYFFINDOR! the hat shouted.  Hagrid clapped along with the Gryffindors as Dennis Creevey, beaming widely, took off the hat, placed it back on the stool, and hurried over to join his brother.  Colin, I fell in! he said shrilly, throwing himself into an empty seat. It was brilliant! And something in the water grabbed me and pushed me back in the boat!  Cool! said Colin, just as excitedly. It was probably the giant squid, Dennis!  Wow! said Dennis, as though nobody in their wildest dreams could hope for more than being thrown into a storm-tossed, fathoms-deep lake, and pushed out of it again by a giant sea monster.  Dennis! Dennis! See that boy down there? The one with the black hair and glasses? See him? Know who he is, Dennis?  Harry looked away, staring very hard at the Sorting Hat, now Sorting Emma Dobbs.  The Sorting continued	 boys and girls with varying degrees of fright on their faces moving one by one to the three-legged stool, the line dwindling slowly as Professor McGonagall passed the L's.  Oh hurry up, Ron moaned, massaging his stomach.  Now, Ron, the Sorting's much more important than food, said Nearly Headless Nick as Madley, Laura! became a Hufflepuff.  Course it is, if you're dead, snapped Ron.  I do hope this year's batch of Gryffindors are up to scratch, said Nearly Headless Nick, applauding as McDonald, Natalie! joined the Gryffindor table. We don't want to  break our winning streak, do we?  Gryffindor had won the Inter-House Championship for the last three years in a row.  Pritchard, Graham!  SLYTHERIN!  Quirke, Orla!  RAVENCLAW!  And finally, with Whitby, Kevin! (HUFFLEPUFF!), the Sorting ended.  Professor McGonagall picked up the hat and the stool and carried them away.  About time, said Ron, seizing his knife and fork and looking expectantly at his golden plate.  Professor Dumbledore had gotten to his feet. He was smiling around at the students, his arms opened wide in welcome.  I have only two words to say to you, he told them, his deep voice echoing around the Hall. Tuck in.  Hear, hear! said Harry and Ron loudly as the empty dishes filled magically before their eyes.  Nearly Headless Nick watched mournfully as Harry, Ron, and Hermione loaded their own plates.  Aaah, 'at's be'er, said Ron, with his mouth full of mashed potato.  You're lucky there's a feast at all tonight, you know, said Nearly Headless Nick.  There was trouble in the kitchens earlier.  Why? Wha' 'appened? said Harry, through a sizable chunk of steak.  Peeves, of course, said Nearly Headless Nick, shaking his head, which wobbled dangerously. He pulled his ruff a little higher up on his neck. The usual argument, you know. He wanted to attend the feast - well, it's quite out of the question, you know what he's like, utterly uncivilized, can't see a plate of food without throwing it. We held a ghost's council - the Fat Friar was all for giving him the chance - but most wisely, in my opinion, the Bloody Baron put his foot down.  The Bloody Baron was the Slytherin ghost, a gaunt and silent specter covered in silver bloodstains. He was the only person at Hogwarts who could really control Peeves.  Yeah, we thought Peeves seemed hacked off about something, said Ron darkly. So what did he do in the kitchens?  Oh the usual, said Nearly Headless Nick, shrugging. Wreaked havoc and mayhem. Pots and pans everywhere. Place swimming in soup. Terrified the house-elves out of their wits--  Clang.  Hermione had knocked over her golden goblet. Pumpkin juice spread steadily over the tablecloth, staining several feet of white linen orange, but Hermione paid no attention.  There are house-elves here? she said, staring, horror-struck, at Nearly Headless Nick.  Here at Hogwarts?  Certainly, said Nearly Headless Nick, looking surprised at her reaction. The largest number in any dwelling in Britain, I believe. Over a hundred.  I've never seen one! said Hermione.  Well, they hardly ever leave the kitchen by day, do they? said Nearly Headless Nick.  They come out at night to do a bit of cleaning.. . see to the fires and so on.. . . I mean, you're not supposed to see them, are you? That's the mark of a good house-elf, isn't it, that you don't know it's there?  Hermione stared at him.  But they get paid? she said. They get holidays, don't they? And - and sick leave, and pensions, and everything?  Nearly Headless Nick chortled so much that his ruff slipped and his head flopped off, dangling on the inch or so of ghostly skin and muscle that still attached it to his neck.  Sick leave and pensions? he said, pushing his head back onto his shoulders and securing it once more with his ruff. House-elves don't want sick leave and pensions!  Hermione looked down at her hardly touched plate of food, then put her knife and fork down upon it and pushed it away from her.  Oh c'mon, 'Er-my-knee, said Ron, accidentally spraying Harry with bits of Yorkshire pudding. Oops -- sorry, 'Arry -- He swallowed. You won't get them sick leave by starving yourself!  Slave labor, said Hermione, breathing hard through her nose. That's what made this dinner. Slave labor.  And she refused to eat another bite.  The rain was still drumming heavily against the high, dark glass. Another clap of thunder shook the windows, and the stormy ceiling flashed, illuminating the golden plates as the remains of the first course vanished and were replaced, instantly, with puddings.  Treacle tart, Hermione! said Ron, deliberately wafting its smell toward her. Spotted dick, look! Chocolate gateau!  But Hermione gave him a look so reminiscent of Professor McGonagall that he gave up.  When the puddings too had been demolished, and the last crumbs had faded off the plates, leaving them sparkling clean, Albus Dumbledore got to his feet again. The buzz of chatter filling the Hall ceased almost at once, so that only the howling wind and pounding rain could be heard.  So! said Dumbledore, smiling around at them all. Now that we are all fed and watered, (Hmph! said Hermione) I must once more ask for your attention, while I give out a few notices.  Mr. Filch, the caretaker, has asked me to tell you that the list of objects forbidden inside the castle has this year been extended to include Screaming Yo-yos, Fanged Frisbees, and Ever-Bashing Boomerangs. The full list comprises some four hundred and thirty-seven items, I believe, and can be viewed in Mr. Filch's office, if anybody would like to check it.  The corners of Dumbledore's mouth twitched. He continued, As ever, I would like to remind you all that the forest on the grounds is out-of-bounds to students, as is the village of Hogsmeade to all below third year.  It is also my painful duty to inform you that the Inter-House Quidditch Cup will not take place this year.  What? Harry gasped. He looked around at Fred and George, his fellow members of the Quidditch team. They were mouthing soundlessly at Dumbledore, apparently too appalled to speak. Dumbhedore went on, This is due to an event that will be starting in October, and continuing throughout the school year, taking up much of the teachers' time and energy - but I am sure you will all enjoy it immensely. I have great pleasure in announcing that this year at Hogwarts -  But at that moment, there was a deafening rumble of thunder and the doors of the Great Hall banged open.  A man stood in the doorway, leaning upon a long staff, shrouded in a black traveling cloak. Every head in the Great Hall swiveled toward the stranger, suddenly brightly illuminated by a fork of lightning that flashed across the ceiling. He lowered his hood, shook out a long mane of grizzled, dark gray hair, then began to walk up toward the teachers' table.  A dull clunk echoed through the Hall on his every other step. He reached the end of the top table, turned right, and limped heavily toward Dumbledore. Another flash of lightning crossed the ceiling. Hermione gasped.  The lightning had thrown the man's face into sharp relief, and it was a face unlike any Harry had ever seen. It looked as though it had been carved out of weathered wood by someone who had only the vaguest idea of what human faces are supposed to look like, and was none too skilled with a chisel. Every inch of skin seemed to be scarred. The mouth looked like a diagonal gash, and a large chunk of the nose was missing. But it was the man's eyes that made him frightening.  One of them was small, dark, and beady. The other was large, round as a coin, and a vivid, electric blue. The blue eye was moving ceaselessly, without blinking, and was rolling up, down, and from side to side, quite independently of the normal eye - and then it rolled right over, pointing into the back of the man's head, so that all they could see was whiteness.  The stranger reached Dumbledore. He stretched out a hand that was as badly scarred as his face, and Dumbhedore shook it, muttering words Harry couldn't hear. He seemed to be making some inquiry of the stranger, who shook his head unsmilingly and replied in an undertone. Dumbledore nodded and gestured the man to the empty seat on his right-hand side.  The stranger sat down, shook his mane of dark gray hair out of his face, pulled a plate of sausages toward him, raised it to what was left of his nose, and sniffed it. He then took a small knife out of his pocket, speared a sausage on the end of it, and began to eat. His normal eye was fixed upon the sausages, but the blue eye was still darting restlessly around in its socket, taking in the Hall and the students.  May I introduce our new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher? said Dumbledore brightly into the silence. Professor Moody.  It was usual for new staff members to be greeted with applause, but none of the staff or students chapped except Dumbledore and Hagrid, who both put their hands together and applauded, but the sound echoed dismally into the silence, and they stopped fairly quickly. Everyone else seemed too transfixed by Moody's bizarre appearance to do more than stare at him.  Moody? Harry muttered to Ron. Mad-Eye Moody? The one your dad went to help this morning?  Must be, said Ron in a low, awed voice.  What happened to him? Hermione whispered. What happened to his face?  Dunno, Ron whispered back, watching Moody with fascination.  Moody seemed totally indifferent to his less-than-warm welcome. Ignoring the jug of pumpkin juice in front of him, he reached again into his traveling cloak, pulled out a hip flask, and took a long draught from it. As he lifted his arm to drink, his cloak was pulled a few inches from the ground, and Harry saw, below the table, several inches of carved wooden leg, ending in a clawed foot.  Dumbledore cleared his throat.  As I was saying, he said, smiling at the sea of students before him, all of whom were still gazing transfixed at Mad-Eye Moody, we are to have the honor of hosting a very exciting event over the coming months, an event that has not been held for over a century. It is my very great pleasure to inform you that the Triwizard Tournament will be taking place at Hogwarts this year.  You're JOKING! said Fred Weasley loudly.  The tension that had filled the Hall ever since Moody's arrival suddenly broke. Nearly everyone laughed, and Dumbledore chuckled appreciatively.  I am not joking, Mr. Weasley, he said, though now that you mention it, I did hear an excellent one over the summer about a troll, a hag, and a leprechaun who all go into a bar.  Professor McGonagall cleared her throat loudly.  Er - but maybe this is not the time.. . no. . . said Dumbledore, where was I? Ah yes, the Triwizard Tournament. . . well, some of you will not know what this tournament involves, so I hope those who do know will forgive me for giving a short explanation, and allow their attention to wander freely.  The Triwizard Tournament was first established some seven hundred years ago as a friendly competition between the three largest European schools of wizardry: Hogwarts, Beauxbatons, and Durmstrang. A champion was selected to represent each school, and the three champions competed in three magical tasks. The schools took it in turns to host the tournament once every five years, and it was generally agreed to be a most excellent way of establishing ties between young witches and wizards of different nationalities -until, that is, the death toll mounted so high that the tournament was discontinued.  Death toll? Hermione whispered, looking alarmed. But her anxiety did not seem to be shared by the majority of students in the Hall	 many of them were whispering excitedly to one another, and Harry himself was far more interested in hearing about the tournament than in worrying about deaths that had happened hundreds of years ago.  There have been several attempts over the centuries to reinstate the tournament,  Dumbledore continued, none of which has been very successful. However, our own departments of International Magical Cooperation and Magical Games and Sports have decided the time is ripe for another attempt. We have worked hard over the summer to ensure that this time, no champion will find himself or herself in mortal danger.  The heads of Beauxbatons and Durmstrang will be arriving with their short-listed contenders in October, and the selection of the three champions will take place at Halloween. An impartial judge will decide which students are most worthy to compete for the Triwizard Cup, the glory of their school, and a thousand Galleons personal prize money.  I'm going for it! Fred Weasley hissed down the table, his face lit with enthusiasm at the prospect of such glory and riches. He was not the only person who seemed to be visualizing himself as the Hogwarts champion. At every House table, Harry could see people either gazing raptly at Dumbledore, or else whispering fervently to their neighbors. But then Dumbledore spoke again, and the Hall quieted once more.  Eager though I know all of you will be to bring the Triwizard Cup to Hogwarts, he said,  the heads of the participating schools, along with the Ministry of Magic, have agreed to impose an age restriction on contenders this year. Only students who are of age - that is to say, seventeen years or older - will be allowed to put forward their names for consideration. This -- Dumbledore raised his voice slightly, for several people had made noises of outrage at these words, and the Weasley twins were suddenly looking furious - is a measure we feel is necessary, given that the tournament tasks will still be difficult and dangerous, whatever precautions we take, and it is highly unlikely that students below sixth and seventh year will be able to cope with them. I will personally be ensuring that no underage student hoodwinks our impartial judge into making them Hog-warts champion. His light blue eyes twinkled as they flickered over Fred's and George's mutinous faces. I therefore beg you not to waste your time submitting yourself if you are under seventeen.  The delegations from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang will be arriving in October and remaining with us for the greater part of this year. I know that you will all extend every courtesy to our foreign guests while they are with us, and will give your whole-hearted support to the Hogwarts champion when he or she is selected. And now, it is late, and I know how important it is to you all to be alert and rested as you enter your lessons tomorrow morning. Bedtime! Chop chop!  Dumbledore sat down again and turned to talk to Mad-Eye Moody. There was a great scraping and banging as all the students got to their feet and swarmed toward the double doors into the entrance hall.  They can't do that! said George Weasley, who had not joined the crowd moving toward the door, but was standing up and glaring at Dumbledore. We're seventeen in April, why can't we have a shot?  They're not stopping me entering, said Fred stubbornly, also scowling at the top table.  The champions'll get to do all sorts of stuff you'd never be allowed to do normally.  And a thousand Galleons prize money!  Yeah, said Ron, a faraway look on his face. Yeah, a thousand Galleons. . .  Come on, said Hermione, we'll be the only ones left here if you don't move.  Harry, Ron, Hermione, Fred, and George set off for the entrance hall, Fred and George debating the ways in which Dumbledore might stop those who were under seventeen from entering the tournament.  Who's this impartial judge who's going to decide who the champions are? said Harry.  Dunno, said Fred, but it's them we'll have to fool. I reckon a couple of drops of Aging Potion might do it, George.. .  Dumbledore knows you're not of age, though, said Ron.  Yeah, but he's not the one who decides who the champion is, is he? said Fred shrewdly. Sounds to me like once this judge knows who wants to enter, he'll choose the best from each school and never mind how old they are. Dumbledore's trying to stop us giving our names.  People have died, though! said Hermione in a worried voice as they walked through a door concealed behind a tapestry and started up another, narrower staircase.  Yeah, said Fred airily, but that was years ago, wasn't it? Anyway, where's the fun without a bit of risk? Hey, Ron, what if we find out how to get 'round Dumbledore?  Fancy entering?  What d'you reckon? Ron asked Harry. Be cool to enter, wouldn't it? But I s'pose they might want someone older.... Dunno if we've learned enough.. .  I definitely haven't, came Nevihle's gloomy voice from behind Fred and George.  I expect my gran'd want me to try, though. She's always going on about how I should be upholding the family honor. I'll just have to -- oops. . .  Neville's foot had sunk right through a step halfway up the staircase. There were many of these trick stairs at Hogwarts	 it was second nature to most of the older students to jump this particular step, but Neville's memory was notoriously poor. Harry and Ron seized him under the armpits and pulled him out, while a suit of armor at the top of the stairs creaked and clanked, laughing wheezily.  Shut it, you, said Ron, banging down its visor as they passed. They made their way up to the entrance to Gryffindor Tower, which was concealed behind a large portrait of a fat lady in a pink silk dress.  Password? she said as they approached.  Balderdash, said George, a prefect downstairs told me.  The portrait swung forward to reveal a hole in the wall through which they all climbed.  A crackling fire warmed the circular common room, which was full of squashy armchairs and tables. Hermione cast the merrily dancing flames a dark look, and Harry distinctly heard her mutter Slave labor before bidding them good night and disappearing through the doorway to the girls' dormitory.  Harry, Ron, and Neville climbed up the last, spiral staircase until they reached their own dormitory, which was situated at the top of the tower. Five four-poster beds with deep crimson hangings stood against the walls, each with its owner's trunk at the foot.  Dean and Seamus were already getting into bed	 Seamus had pinned his Ireland rosette to his headboard, and Dean had tacked up a poster of Viktor Krum over his bedside table.  His old poster of the West Ham football team was pinned right next to it.  Mental, Ron sighed, shaking his head at the completely stationary soccer players.  Harry, Ron, and Neville got into their pajamas and into bed. Someone - a house-elf, no doubt - had placed warming pans between the sheets. It was extremely comfortable, lying there in bed and listening to the storm raging outside.  I might go in for it, you know, Ron said sleepily through the darkness, if Fred and George find out how to. . . the tournament. . . you never know, do you?  S'pose not. .. .  Harry rolled over in bed, a series of dazzling new pictures forming in his mind's eye. .  . . He had hoodwinked the impartial judge into believing he was seventeen. . . he had become Hogwarts champion. . . he was standing on the grounds, his arms raised in triumph in front of the whole school, all of whom were applauding and screaming. . . he had just won the Triwizard Tournament. Cho's face stood out particularly clearly in the blurred crowd, her face glowing with admiration....  Harry grinned into his pillow, exceptionally glad that Ron couldn't see what he could.,70,Goblet of Fire,12		
Goblet of Fire=  The storm had blown itself out by the following morning, though the ceiling in the Great Hall was still gloomy	 heavy clouds of pewter gray swirled overhead as Harry, Ron, and Hermione examined their new course schedules at breakfast. A few seats along, Fred, George, and Lee Jordan were discussing magical methods of aging themselves and bluffing their way into the Triwizard Tournament.  Today's not bad.. . outside all morning, said Ron, who was running his finger down the Monday column of his schedule. Herbology with the Hufflepuffs and Care of Magical Creatures... damn it, we're still with the Slytherins. . . .  Double Divination this afternoon, Harry groaned, looking down.  Divination was his least favorite subject, apart from Potions. Professor Trelawney kept predicting Harry's death, which he found extremely annoying.  You should have given it up like me, shouldn't you? said Hermione briskly, buttering herself some toast. Then you'd be doing something sensible like Arithmancy.  You're eating again, I notice, said Ron, watching Hermione adding liberal amounts of jam to her toast too.  I've decided there are better ways of making a stand about elf rights,  said Hermione haughtily.  Yeah. . . and you were hungry, said Ron, grinning.  There was a sudden rustling noise above them, and a hundred owls came soaring through the open windows carrying the morning mail. Instinctively, Harry looked up, but there was no sign of white among the mass of brown and gray. The owls circled the tables, looking for the people to whom their letters and packages were addressed. A large tawny owl soared down to Neville Longbottom and deposited a parcel into his lap -Neville almost always forgot to pack something. On the other side of the Hall Draco Malfoy's eagle owl had landed on his shoulder, carrying what looked like his usual supply of sweets and cakes from home. Trying to ignore the sinking feeling of disappointment in his stomach, Harry returned to his porridge. Was it possible that something had happened to Hedwig, and that Sirius hadn't even got his letter?  His preoccupation lasted all the way across the sodden vegetable patch until they arrived in greenhouse three, but here he was distracted by Professor Sprout showing the class the ugliest plants Harry had ever seen. Indeed, they looked less like plants than thick, black, giant slugs, protruding vertically out of the soil. Each was squirming slightly and had a number of large, shiny swellings upon it, which appeared to  be full of liquid.  Bubotubers, Professor Sprout told them briskly. They need squeezing.  You will collect the pus -  The what? said Seamus Finnigan, sounding revolted.  Pus, Finnigan, pus, said Professor Sprout, and it's extremely valuable, so don't waste it. You will collect the pus, I say, in these bottles. Wear your dragon-hide gloves	 it can do funny things to the skin when undiluted, bubotuber pus.  Squeezing the bubotubers was disgusting, but oddly satisfying. As each swelling was popped, a large amount of thick yellowish-green liquid burst forth, which smelled strongly of petrol. They caught it in the bottles as Professor Sprout had indicated, and by the end of the lesson had collected several pints.  This'll keep Madam Pomfrey happy, said Professor Sprout, stoppering the last bottle with a cork. An excellent remedy for the more stubborn forms of acne, bubotuber pus. Should stop students resorting to desperate measures to rid themselves of pimples.  Like poor Eloise Midgen, said Hannah Abbott, a Hufflepuff, in a hushed voice. She tried to curse hers off.  Silly girl, said Professor Sprout, shaking her head. But Madam Pomfrey fixed her nose back on in the end.  A booming bell echoed from the castle across the wet grounds, signaling the end of the lesson, and the class separated	 the Hufflepuffs climbing the stone steps for Transfiguration, and the Gryffindors heading in the other direction, down the sloping lawn toward Hagrid's small wooden cabin, which stood on the edge of the Forbidden Forest.  Hagrid was standing outside his hut, one hand on the collar of his enormous black boarhound, Fang. There were several open wooden crates on the ground at his feet, and Fang was whimpering and straining at his collar, apparently keen to investigate the contents more closely. As they drew nearer, an odd rattling noise reached their ears, punctuated by what sounded like minor explosions.  Mornin'! Hagrid said, grinning at Harry, Ron, and Hermione. Be'er wait fer the Slytherins, they won' want ter miss this - Blast-Ended Skrewts!  Come again? said Ron.  Hagrid pointed down into the crates.  Eurgh! squealed Lavender Brown, jumping backward. Eurgh just about summed up the Blast-Ended Skrewts in Harry's opinion. They looked like deformed, shell-less lobsters, horribly pale and slimy-looking, with legs sticking out in very odd places and no visible heads. There were about a hundred of them in each crate, each about six inches long, crawling over one another, bumping blindly into the sides of the boxes. They were giving off a very powerful smell of rotting fish. Every now and then, sparks would fly out of the end of a skrewt, and with a small phut, it would be propelled forward several inches.  On'y jus' hatched, said Hagrid proudly, so yeh'll be able ter raise 'em yerselves!  Thought we'd make a bit of a project of it!  And why would we want to raise them? said a cold voice.  The Slytherins had arrived. The speaker was Draco Malfoy. Crabbe and Goyle were chuckling appreciatively at his words.  Hagrid looked stumped at the question.  I mean, what do they do? asked Malfoy. What is the point of them?  Hagrid opened his mouth, apparently thinking hard	 there was a few seconds' pause, then he said roughly, Tha's next lesson, Malfoy. Yer jus' feedin' 'em today. Now, yeh'll wan' ter try 'em on a few diff'rent things - I've never had 'em before, not sure what they'll go fer - I got ant eggs an' frog livers an' a bit o' grass snake - just try 'em out with a bit of each.  First pus and now this, muttered Seamus.  Nothing but deep affection for Hagrid could have made Harry, Ron, and Hermione pick up squelchy handfuls of frog liver and lower them into the crates to tempt the Blast-Ended Skrewts. Harry couldn't suppress the suspicion that the whole thing was entirely pointless, because the skrewts didn't seem to have mouths.  Ouch! yelled Dean Thomas after about ten minutes. It got me.  Hagrid hurried over to him, looking anxious.  Its end exploded! said Dean angrily, showing Hagrid a burn on his hand.  Ah, yeah, that can happen when they blast off, said Hagrid, nodding.  Eurgh! said Lavender Brown again. Eurgh, Hagrid, what's that pointy thing on it?  Ah, some of 'em have got stings, said Hagrid enthusiastically (Lavender quickly withdrew her hand from the box). I reckon they're the males. . . . The females've got sorta sucker things on their bellies. . . . I think they might be ter suck blood.  Well, I can certainly see why we're trying to keep them alive, said Malfoy sarcastically. Who wouldn't want pets that can burn, sting, and bite all at once?  Just because they're not very pretty, it doesn't mean they're not useful, Hermione snapped. Dragon blood's amazingly magical, but you wouldn't want a dragon for a pet, would you?  Harry and Ron grinned at Hagrid, who gave them a furtive smile from behind his bushy beard. Hagrid would have liked nothing better than a pet dragon, as Harry, Ron, and Hermione knew only too well - he had owned one for a brief period during their first year, a vicious Norwegian Ridgeback by the name of Norbert. Hagrid simply loved monstrous creatures, the more lethal, the better.  Well, at least the skrewts are small, said Ron as they made their way back up to the castle for lunch an hour later.  They are now, said Hermione in an exasperated voice, but once Hagrid's found out what they eat, I expect they'll be six feet long.  Well, that won't matter if they turn out to cure seasickness or something, will it?  said Ron, grinning slyly at her.  You know perfectly well I only said that to shut Malfoy up, said Hermione. As a matter of fact I think he's right. The best thing to do would be to stamp on the lot of them before they start attacking us all.  They sat down at the Gryffindor table and helped themselves to lamb chops and potatoes.  Hermione began to eat so fast that Harry and Ron stared at her.  Er - is this the new stand on elf rights? said Ron. You're going to make yourself puke instead?  No, said Hermione, with as much dignity as she could muster with her mouth bulging with sprouts. I just want to get to the library.  What? said Ron in disbelief. Hermione - it's the first day back! We haven't even got homework yet!  Hermione shrugged and continued to shovel down her food as though she had not eaten for days. Then she leapt to her feet, said, See you at dinner! and departed at high speed.  When the bell rang to signal the start of afternoon lessons, Harry and Ron set off for North Tower where, at the top of a tightly spiraling staircase, a silver stepladder led to a circular trapdoor in the ceiling, and the room where Professor Trelawney lived.  The familiar sweet perfume spreading from the fire met their nostrils as they emerged at the top of the stepladder. As ever, the curtains were all closed	 the circular room was bathed in a dim reddish light cast by the many lamps, which were all draped with scarves and shawls. Harry and Ron walked through the mass of occupied chintz chairs and poufs that cluttered the room, and sat down at the same small circular table.  Good day, said the misty voice of Professor Trelawney right behind Harry, making him jump.  A very thin woman with enormous glasses that made her eyes appear far too large for her face, Professor Trelawney was peering down at Harry with the tragic expression she always wore whenever she saw him. The usual large amount of beads, chains, and bangles glittered upon her person in the firelight.  You are preoccupied, my dear, she said mournfully to Harry. My inner eye sees past your brave face to the troubled soul within. And I regret to say that your worries are not baseless. I see difficult times ahead for you, alas. . . most difficult.. . I fear the thing you dread will indeed come to pass. . . and perhaps sooner than you think...  Her voice dropped almost to a whisper. Ron rolled his eyes at Harry, who looked stonily back. Professor Trelawney swept past them and seated herself in a large winged armchair before the fire, facing the class. Lavender Brown and Parvati Patil, who deeply admired Professor Trelawney, were sitting on poufs very close to her.  My dears, it is time for us to consider the stars, she said. The movements of the planets and the mysterious portents they reveal only to those who understand the steps of the celestial dance. Human destiny may be deciphered by the planetary rays, which intermingle. . .  But Harry's thoughts had drifted. The perfumed fire always made him feel sleepy and  dull-witted, and Professor Trelawney's rambling talks on fortune-telling never held him exactly spellbound - though he couldn't help thinking about what she had just said to him. I fear the thing you dread will indeed come to pass...'  But Hermione was right, Harry thought irritably, Professor Trelawney really was an old fraud. He wasn't dreading anything at the moment at all. . . well, unless you counted his fears that Sirius had been caught. . . but what did Professor Trelawney know? He had long since come to the conclusion that her brand of fortunetelling was really no more than lucky guesswork and a spooky manner.  Except, of course, for that time at the end of last term, when she had made the prediction about Voldemort rising again. . . and Dumbledore himself had said that he thought that trance had been genuine, when Harry had described it to him.  Harry! Ron muttered.  What?  Harry looked around	 the whole class was staring at him. He sat up straight	 he had been almost dozing off, lost in the heat and his thoughts.  I was saying, my dear, that you were clearly born under the baleful influence of Saturn, said Professor Trelawney, a faint note of resentment in her voice at the fact that he had obviously not been hanging on her words.  Born under - what, sorry? said Harry.  Saturn, dear, the planet Saturn! said Professor Trelawney, sounding definitely irritated that he wasn't riveted by this news. I was saying that Saturn was surely in a position of power in the heavens at the moment of your birth. . . . Your dark hair. . .  your mean stature...tragic losses so young in life. . . I think I am right in saying, my dear, that you were born in midwinter?  No, said Harry, I was born in July.  Ron hastily turned his laugh into a hacking cough.  Half an hour later, each of them had been given a complicated circular chart, and was attempting to fill in the position of the planets at their moment of birth. It was dull work, requiring much consultation of timetables and calculation of angles.  I've got two Neptunes here, said Harry after a while, frowning down at his piece of parchment, that can't be right, can it?  Aaaaah, said Ron, imitating Professor Trelawney's mystical whisper, when two Neptunes appear in the sky, it is a sure sign that a midget in glasses is being born, Harry. . .  .  Seamus and Dean, who were working nearby, sniggered loudly, though not loudly enough to mask the excited squeals from Lavender Brown - Oh Professor, look! I think I've got an unaspected planet! Oooh, which one's that, Professor?  It is Uranus, my dear, said Professor Trelawney, peering down at the chart.  Can I have a look at Uranus too, Lavender? said Ron.  Most unfortunately, Professor Trelawney heard him, and it was this, perhaps, that made her give them so much homework at the end of the class.  A detailed analysis of the way the planetary movements in the coming month will affect you, with reference to your personal chart, she snapped, sounding much more like Professor McGonagall than her usual airy-fairy self. I want it ready to hand in next Monday, and no excuses!  Miserable old bat, said Ron bitterly as they joined the crowds descending the staircases back to the Great Hall and dinner. That'll take all weekend, that will. . .  Lots of homework? said Hermione brightly, catching up with them. Professor Vector didn't give us any at all!  Well, bully for Professor Vector, said Ron moodily.  They reached the entrance hall, which was packed with people queuing for dinner. They had just joined the end of the line, when a loud voice rang out behind them.  Weasley! Hey, Weasley!  Harry, Ron, and Hermione turned. Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle were standing there, each looking thoroughly pleased about something.  What? said Ron shortly.  Your dad's in the paper, Weasley! said Malfoy, brandishing a copy of the Daily Prophet and speaking very loudly, so that everyone in the packed entrance hall could hear.  Listen to this!  FURTHER MISTAKES AT THE MINISTRY OF MAGIC  It seems as though the Ministry of Magic's troubles are not yet at an end, writes Rita Skeeter, Special Correspondent. Recently under fire for its poor crowd control at the Quidditch World Cup, and still unable to account for the disappearance of one of its witches, the Ministry was plunged into fresh embarrassment yesterday by the antics of Arnold Weasley, of the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office.  Malfoy looked up.  Imagine them not even getting his name right, Weasley. It's almost as though he's a complete nonentity, isn't it? he crowed.  Everyone in the entrance hall was listening now. Malfoy straightened the paper with a flourish and read on:  Arnold Weasley, who was charged with possession of a flying car two years ago, was yesterday involved in a tussle with several Muggle law-keepers (policemen) over a number of highly aggressive dustbins. Mr. Weasley appears to have rushed to the aid of Mad-Eye Moody, the aged ex-Auror who retired from the Ministry when no longer able to tell the difference between a handshake and attempted murder. Unsurprisingly, Mr. Weasley found, upon arrival at Mr. Moody's heavily guarded house, that Mr. Moody had once again raised a false alarm. Mr. Weasley was forced to modify several memories before he could escape from the policemen, but refused to answer Daily Prophet questions about why he had involved the Ministry in such an undignified and potentially embarrassing scene.  And there's a picture, Weasley! said Malfoy, flipping the paper over and holding it up. A picture of your parents outside their house - if you can call it a house! Your mother could do with losing a bit of weight, couldn't she?  Ron was shaking with fury. Everyone was staring at him.  Get stuffed, Malfoy, said Harry. C'mon, Ron. . .  Oh yeah, you were staying with them this summer, weren't you, Potter? sneered Malfoy.  So tell me, is his mother really that porky, or is it just the picture?  You know your mother, Malfoy? said Harry - both he and Hermione had grabbed the back of Ron's robes to stop him from launching himself at Malfoy - that expression she's got, like she's got dung under her nose? Has she always looked like that, or was it just because you were with her?  Malfoy's pale face went slightly pink.  Don't you dare insult my mother, Potter.  Keep your fat mouth shut, then, said Harry, turning away.  BANG!  Several people screamed - Harry felt something white-hot graze the side of his face - he plunged his hand into his robes for his wand, but before he'd even touched it, he heard a second loud BANG, and a roar that echoed through the entrance hall.  OH NO YOU DON'T, LADDIE!  Harry spun around. Professor Moody was limping down the marble staircase. His wand was out and it was pointing right at a pure white ferret, which was shivering on the stone-flagged floor, exactly where Malfoy had been standing.  There was a terrified silence in the entrance hall. Nobody but Moody was moving a muscle. Moody turned to look at Harry -- at least, his normal eye was looking at Harry	 the other one was pointing into the back of his head.  Did he get you? Moody growled. His voice was low and gravelly.  No, said Harry, missed.  LEAVE IT! Moody shouted.  Leave - what? Harry said, bewildered.  Not you - him! Moody growled, jerking his thumb over his shoulder at Crabbe, who had just frozen, about to pick up the white ferret. It seemed that Moody's rolling eye was magical and could see out of the back of his head.  Moody started to limp toward Crabbe, Goyle, and the ferret, which gave a terrified squeak and took off, streaking toward the dungeons.  I don't think so! roared Moody, pointing his wand at the ferret again - it flew ten feet into the air, fell with a smack to the floor, and then bounced upward once more.  I don't like people who attack when their opponent's back's turned, growled Moody as the ferret bounced higher and higher, squealing in pain. Stinking, cowardly, scummy  thing to do...  The ferret flew through the air, its legs and tail flailing helplessly.  Never - do - that - again - said Moody, speaking each word as the ferret hit the stone floor and bounced upward again.  Professor Moody! said a shocked voice.  Professor McGonagall was coming down the marble staircase with her arms full of books.  Hello, Professor McGonagall, said Moody calmly, bouncing the ferret still higher.  What - what are you doing? said Professor McGonagall, her eyes following the bouncing ferret's progress through the air.  Teaching, said Moody.  Teach - Moody, is that a student? shrieked Professor McGonagall, the books spilling out of her arms.  Yep, said Moody.  No! cried Professor McGonagall, running down the stairs and pulling out her wand	 a moment later, with a loud snapping noise, Draco Malfoy had reappeared, lying in a heap on the floor with his sleek blond hair all over his now brilliantly pink face. He got to his feet, wincing.  Moody, we never use Transfiguration as a punishment! said Professor McGonagall wealdy.  Surely Professor Dumbledore told you that?  He might've mentioned it, yeah, said Moody, scratching his chin unconcernedly, but I thought a good sharp shock -  We give detentions, Moody! Or speak to the offender's Head of House!  I'll do that, then, said Moody, staring at Malfoy with great dislike.  Malfoy, whose pale eyes were still watering with pain and humiliation, looked malevolently up at Moody and muttered something in which the words my father were distinguishable.  Oh yeah? said Moody quietly, limping forward a few steps, the dull clunk of his wooden leg echoing around the hall. Well, I know your father of old, boy... . You tell him Moody's keeping a close eye on his son. . . you tell him that from me. . . . Now, your Head of House'll be Snape, will it?  Yes, said Malfoy resentfully.  Another old friend, growled Moody. I've been looking forward to a chat with old Snape.  . . . Come on, you. . .  And he seized Malfoy's upper arm and marched him off toward the dungeons.  Professor McGonagall stared anxiously after them for a few moments, then waved her wand at her fallen books, causing them to soar up into the air and back into her arms.  Don't talk to me, Ron said quietly to Harry and Hermione as they sat down at the Gryffindor table a few minutes later, surrounded by excited talk on all sides about what had just happened.  Why not? said Hermione in surprise.  Because I want to fix that in my memory forever, said Ron, his eyes closed and an uplifted expression on his face. Draco Malfoy, the amazing bouncing ferret.  Harry and Hermione both laughed, and Hermione began doling beef casserole onto each of their plates.  He could have really hurt Malfoy, though, she said. It was good, really, that Professor McGonagall stopped it -  Hermione! said Ron furiously, his eyes snapping open again, you're ruining the best moment of my life!  Hermione made an impatient noise and began to eat at top speed again.  Don't tell me you're going back to the library this evening? said Harry, watching her.  Got to, said Hermione thickly. Loads to do.  But you told us Professor Vector -  It's not schoolwork, she said. Within five minutes, she had cleared her plate and departed. No sooner had she gone than her seat was taken by Fred Weasley.  Moody! he said. How cool is he?  Beyond cool, said George, sitting down opposite Fred. Supercool, said the twins' best friend, Lee Jordan, sliding into the seat beside George. We had him this afternoon, he told Harry and Ron.  What was it like? said Harry eagerly.  Fred, George, and Lee exchanged looks full of meaning.  Never had a lesson like it, said Fred.  He knows, man, said Lee.  Knows what? said Ron, leaning forward.  Knows what it's like to be out there doing it, said George impressively.  Doing what? said Harry.  Fighting the Dark Arts, said Fred.  He's seen it all, said George.  Mazing, said Lee.  Ron dived into his bag for his schedule.  We haven't got him till Thursday! he said in a disappointed voice.,71,Goblet of Fire,13				
Goblet of Fire=  The next two days passed without great incident, unless you counted Neville melting his sixth cauldron in Potions. Professor Snape, who seemed to have attained new levels of vindictiveness over the summer, gave Nevihle detention, and Neville returned from it in a state of nervous collapse, having been made to disembowel a barrel full of horned toads.  You know why Snape's in such a foul mood, don't you? said Ron to Harry as they watched Hermione teaching Neville a Scouring Charm to remove the frog guts from under his fingernails.  Yeah, said Harry. Moody.  It was common knowledge that Snape really wanted the Dark Arts job, and he had now failed to get it for the fourth year running. Snape had disliked all of their previous Dark Arts teachers, and shown it - but he seemed strangely wary of displaying overt animosity to Mad-Eye Moody. Indeed, whenever Harry saw the two of them together -at mealtimes, or when they passed in the corridors - he had the distinct impression that Snape was avoiding Moody's eye, whether magical or normal.  I reckon Snape's a bit scared of him, you know, Harry said thoughtfully.  Imagine if Moody turned Snape into a horned toad, said Ron, his eyes misting over, and bounced him all around his dungeon...  The Gryffindor fourth years were looking forward to Moody's first lesson so much that they arrived early on Thursday lunchtime and queued up outside his classroom before the bell had even rung. The only person missing was Hermione, who turned up just in time for the lesson.  Been in the -  Library. Harry finished her sentence for her. C'mon, quick, or we won't get decent seats.  They hurried into three chairs right in front of the teacher's desk, took out their copies of The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection, and waited, unusually quiet.  Soon they heard Moody's distinctive clunking footsteps coming down the corridor, and he entered the room, looking as strange and frightening as ever. They could just see his clawed, wooden foot protruding from underneath his robes.  You can put those away, he growled, stumping over to his desk and sitting down, those books. You won't need them.  They returned the books to their bags, Ron looking excited.  Moody took out a register, shook his long mane of grizzled gray hair out of his twisted and scarred face, and began to call out names, his normal eye moving steadily down the list while his magical eye swiveled around, fixing upon each student as he or she answered.  Right then, he said, when the last person had declared themselves present, I've had a letter from Professor Lupin about this class. Seems you've had a pretty thorough grounding in tackling Dark creatures - you've covered boggarts, Red Caps, hinkypunks, grindylows, Kappas, and werewolves, is that right?  There was a general murmur of assent.  But you're behind - very behind - on dealing with curses, said Moody. So I'm here to bring you up to scratch on what wizards can do to each other. I've got one year to teach you how to deal with Dark -  What, aren't you staying? Ron blurted out.  Moody's magical eye spun around to stare at Ron	 Ron looked extremely apprehensive, but after a moment Moody smiled - the first time Harry had seen him do so. The effect was to make his heavily scarred face look more twisted and contorted than ever, but it was  nevertheless good to know that he ever did anything as friendly as smile. Ron looked deeply relieved.  You'll be Arthur Weasley's son, eh? Moody said. Your father got me out of a very tight corner a few days ago. .. . Yeah, I'm staying just the one year. Special favor to Dumbledore. . . . One year, and then back to my quiet retirement.  He gave a harsh laugh, and then clapped his gnarled hands together.  So - straight into it. Curses. They come in many strengths and forms. Now, according to the Ministry of Magic, I'm supposed to teach you countercurses and leave it at that.  I'm not supposed to show you what illegal Dark curses look like until you're in the sixth year. You're not supposed to be old enough to deal with it till then. But Professor Dumbledore's got a higher opinion of your nerves, he reckons you can cope, and I say, the sooner you know what you're up against, the better. How are you supposed to defend yourself against something you've never seen? A wizard who's about to put an illegal curse on you isn't going to tell you what he's about to do. He's not going to do it nice and polite to your face. You need to be prepared. You need to be alert and watchful.  You need to put that away, Miss Brown, when I'm talking.  Lavender jumped and blushed. She had been showing Parvati her completed horoscope under the desk. Apparently Moody's magical eye could see through solid wood, as well as out of the back of his head.  So. . . do any of you know which curses are most heavily punished by wizarding law?  Several hands rose tentatively into the air, including Ron's and Hermione's. Moody pointed at Ron, though his magical eye was still fixed on Lavender.  Er, said Ron tentatively, my dad told me about one.. . . Is it called the Imperius Curse, or something?  Ah, yes, said Moody appreciatively. Your father would know that one. Gave the Ministry a lot of trouble at one time, the Imperius Curse.  Moody got heavily to his mismatched feet, opened his desk drawer, and took out a glass jar. Three large black spiders were scuttling around inside it. Harry felt Ron recoil slightly next to him - Ron hated spiders.  Moody reached into the jar, caught one of the spiders, and held it in the palm of his hand so that they could all see it. He then pointed his wand at it and muttered, Imperio!  The spider leapt from Moody's hand on a fine thread of silk and began to swing backward and forward as though on a trapeze. It stretched out its legs rigidly, then did a back flip, breaking the thread and landing on the desk, where it began to cartwheel in circles. Moody jerked his wand, and the spider rose onto two of its hind legs and went into what was unmistakably a tap dance.  Everyone was laughing - everyone except Moody.  Think it's funny, do you? he growled. You'd like it, would you, if I did it to you?  The laughter died away almost instantly.  Total control, said Moody quietly as the spider balled itself up and began to roll over and over. I could make it jump out of the window, drown itself, throw itself down one of your throats. . .  Ron gave an involuntary shudder.  Years back, there were a lot of witches and wizards being controlled by the Imperius Curse, said Moody, and Harry knew he was talking about the days in which Voldemort had been all-powerful. Some job for the Ministry, trying to sort out who was being forced to act, and who was acting of their own free will.  The Imperius Curse can be fought, and I'll be teaching you how, but it takes real strength of character, and not everyone's got it. Better avoid being hit with it if you can. CONSTANT VIGILANCE! he barked, and everyone jumped.  Moody picked up the somersaulting spider and threw it back into the jar.  Anyone else know one? Another illegal curse?  Hermione's hand flew into the air again and so, to Harry's slight surprise, did Neville's. The only class in which Neville usually volunteered information was Herbology which was easily his best subject. Neville looked surprised at his own daring.  Yes? said Moody, his magical eye rolling right over to fix on Neville.  There's one - the Cruciatus Curse, said Neville in a small but distinct voice.  Moody was looking very intently at Neville, this time with both eyes.  Your name's Longbottom? he said, his magical eye swooping down to check the register again.  Neville nodded nervously, but Moody made no further inquiries. Turning back to the class at large, he reached into the jar for the next spider and placed it upon the desktop, where it remained motionless, apparently too scared to move.  The Cruciatus Curse, said Moody. Needs to be a bit bigger for you to get the idea,  he said, pointing his wand at the spider. Engorgio!  The spider swelled. It was now larger than a tarantula. Abandoning all pretense, Ron pushed his chair backward, as far away from Moody's desk as possible.  Moody raised his wand again, pointed it at the spider, and muttered, Crucio!  At once, the spider's legs bent in upon its body	 it rolled over and began to twitch horribly, rocking from side to side. No sound came from it, but Harry was sure that if it could have given voice, it would have been screaming. Moody did not remove his wand, and the spider started to shudder and jerk more violently - Stop it! Hermione said shrilly.  Harry looked around at her. She was looking, not at the spider, but at Neville, and Harry, following her gaze, saw that Neville's hands were clenched upon the desk in front of him, his knuckles white, his eyes wide and horrified.  Moody raised his wand. The spider's legs relaxed, but it continued to twitch.  Reducio, Moody muttered, and the spider shrank back to its proper size. He put it back into the jar.  Pain, said Moody softly. You don't need thumbscrews or knives to torture someone if you can perform the Cruciatus Curse. . . . That one was very popular once too.  Right. . . anyone know any others?  Harry looked around. From the looks on everyone's faces, he guessed they were all wondering what was going to happen to the last spider. Hermione's hand shook slightly as, for the third time, she raised it into the air.  Yes? said Moody, looking at her.  Avada Kedavra, Hermione whispered.  Several people looked uneasily around at her, including Ron.  Ah, said Moody, another slight smile twisting his lopsided mouth. Yes, the last and worst. Avada Kedavra. .. the Killing Curse.  He put his hand into the glass jar, and almost as though it knew what was coming, the third spider scuttled frantically around the bottom of the jar, trying to evade Moody's fingers, but he trapped it, and placed it upon the desktop. It started to scuttle frantically across the wooden surface.  Moody raised his wand, and Harry felt a sudden thrill of foreboding.  Avada Kedavra! Moody roared.  There was a flash of blinding green light and a rushing sound, as though a vast, invisible something was soaring through the air - instantaneously the spider rolled over onto its back, unmarked, but unmistakably dead. Several of the students stifled cries	 Ron had thrown himself backward and almost toppled off his seat as the spider skidded toward him.  Moody swept the dead spider off the desk onto the floor.  Not nice, he said calmly. Not pleasant. And there's no countercurse. There's no blocking it. Only one known person has ever survived it, and he's sitting right in front of me.  Harry felt his face redden as Moody's eyes (both of them) looked into his own. He could feel everyone else looking around at him too. Harry stared at the blank blackboard as though fascinated by it, but not really seeing it at all....  So that was how his parents had died. . . exactly like that spider. Had they been unblemished and unmarked too? Had they simply seen the flash of green light and heard the rush of speeding death, before life was wiped from their bodies?  Harry had been picturing his parents' deaths over and over again for three years now, ever since he'd found out they had been murdered, ever since he'd found out what had happened that night: Wormtail had betrayed his parents' whereabouts to Voldemort, who had come to find them at their cottage. How Voldemort had killed Harry's father first.  How James Potter had tried to hold him off, while he shouted at his wife to take Harry and run. . . Voldemort had advanced on Lily Potter, told her to move aside so that he could kill Harry.. . how she had begged him to kill her instead, refused to stop shielding her son.. . and so Voldemort had murdered her too, before turning his wand on Harry.  Harry knew these details because he had heard his parents' voices when he had fought the  dementors last year - for that was the terrible power of the dementors: to force their victims to relive the worst memories of their lives, and drown, powerless, in their own despair.  Moody was speaking again, from a great distance, it seemed to Harry. With a massive effort, he pulled himself back to the present and listened to what Moody was saying.  Avada Kedavra's a curse that needs a powerful bit of magic behind it - you could all get your wands out now and point them at me and say the words, and I doubt I'd get so much as a nosebleed. But that doesn't matter. I'm not here to teach you how to do it.  Now, if there's no countercurse, why am I showing you? Because you've got to know.  You've got to appreciate what the worst is. You don't want to find yourself in a situation where you're facing it. CONSTANT VIGILANCE! he roared, and the whole class jumped again.  Now. . . those three curses - Avada Kedavra, Imperius, and Cruciatus - are known as the Unforgivable Curses. The use of any one of them on a fellow human being is enough to earn a life sentence in Azkaban. That's what you're up against. That's what I've got to teach you to fight. You need preparing. You need arming. But most of all, you need to practice constant, never-ceasing vigilance. Get out your quills. . . copy this down. . .  .  They spent the rest of the lesson taking notes on each of the Unforgivable Curses. No one spoke until the bell rang - but when Moody had dismissed them and they had left the classroom, a torrent of talk burst forth. Most people were discussing the curses in awed voices - Did you see it twitch? - and when he killed it - just like that!  They were talking about the lesson, Harry thought, as though it had been some sort of spectacular show, but he hadn't found it very entertaining - and nor, it seemed, had Hermione.  Hurry up, she said tensely to Harry and Ron.  Not the ruddy library again? said Ron.  No, said Hermione curtly, pointing up a side passage. Neville. Neville was standing alone, halfway up the passage, staring at the stone wall opposite him with the same horrified, wide-eyed look he had worn when Moody had demonstrated the Cruciatus Curse.  Neville? Hermione said gently.  Neville looked around.  Oh hello, he said, his voice much higher than usual. Interesting lesson, wasn't it?  I wonder what's for dinner, I'm - I'm starving, aren't you?  Neville, are you all right? said Hermione.  Oh yes, I'm fine, Neville gabbled in the same unnaturally high voice. Very interesting dinner - I mean lesson - what's for eating?  Ron gave Harry a startled look.  Neville, what - ?  But an odd clunking noise sounded behind them, and they turned to see Professor Moody limping toward them. All four of them fell silent, watching him apprehensively, but when he spoke, it was in a much lower and gentler growl than they had yet heard.  It's all right, sonny, he said to Neville. Why don't you come up to my office? Come on. . . we can have a cup of tea. . . .  Neville looked even more frightened at the prospect of tea with Moody. He neither moved nor spoke. Moody turned his magical eye upon Harry.  You all right, are you, Potter?  Yes, said Harry, almost defiantly.  Moody's blue eye quivered slightly in its socket as it surveyed Harry. Then he said, You've got to know. It seems harsh, maybe, but you've got to know. No point pretending. . . well.. . come on, Longbottom, I've got some books that might interest you.  Neville looked pleadingly at Harry, Ron, and Hermione, but they didn't say anything, so Neville had no choice but to allow himself to be steered away, one of Moody's gnarled hands on his shoulder.  What was that about? said Ron, watching Neville and Moody turn the corner.  I don't know, said Hermione, looking pensive.  Some lesson, though, eh? said Ron to Harry as they set off for the Great Hall. Fred and George were right, weren't they? He really knows his stuff, Moody, doesn't he? When he did Avada Kedavra, the way that spider just died, just snuffed it right -  But Ron fell suddenly silent at the look on Harry's face and didn't speak again until  they reached the Great Hall, when he said he supposed they had better make a start on Professor Trelawney's predictions tonight, since they would take hours.  Hermione did not join in with Harry and Ron's conversation during dinner, but ate furiously fast, and then left for the library again. Harry and Ron walked back to Gryffindor Tower, and Harry, who had been thinking of nothing else all through dinner, now raised the subject of the Unforgivable Curses himself.  Wouldn't Moody and Dumbledore be in trouble with the Ministry if they knew we'd seen the curses? Harry asked as they approached the Fat Lady.  Yeah, probably, said Ron. But Dumbledore's always done things his way, hasn't he, and Moody's been getting in trouble for years, I reckon. Attacks first and asks questions later - look at his dustbins. Balderdash.  The Fat Lady swung forward to reveal the entrance hole, and they climbed into the Gryffindor common room, which was crowded and noisy.  Shall we get our Divination stuff, then? said Harry.  I s'pose, Ron groaned.  They went up to the dormitory to fetch their books and charts, to find Neville there alone, sitting on his bed, reading. He looked a good deal calmer than at the end of Moody's lesson, though still not entirely normal. His eyes were rather red.  You all right, Neville? Harry asked him.  Oh yes, said Neville, I'm fine, thanks. Just reading this book Professor Moody lent me. . .  He held up the book: Magical Water Plants of the Mediterranean.  Apparently, Professor Sprout told Professor Moody I'm really good at Herbology, Neville said. There was a faint note of pride in his voice that Harry had rarely heard there before. He thought I'd like this.  Telling Neville what Professor Sprout had said, Harry thought, had been a very tactful way of cheering Neville up, for Neville very rarely heard that he was good at anything.  It was the sort of thing Professor Lupin would have done.  Harry and Ron took their copies of Unfogging the Future back down to the common room, found a table, and set to work on their predictions for the coming month. An hour later, they had made very little progress, though their table was littered with bits of parchment bearing sums and symbols, and Harry's brain was as fogged as though it had been filled with the fumes from Professor Trelawney's fire.  I haven't got a clue what this lot's supposed to mean, he said, staring down at a long list of calculations.  You know, said Ron, whose hair was on end because of all the times he had run his fingers through it in frustration, I think it's back to the old Divination standby.  What - make it up?  Yeah, said Ron, sweeping the jumble of scrawled notes off the table, dipping his pen into some ink, and starting to write.  Next Monday, he said as he scribbled, I am likely to develop a cough, owing to the unlucky conjunction of Mars and Jupiter. He looked up at Harry. You know her - just put in loads of misery, she'll lap it up.  Right, said Harry, crumpling up his first attempt and lobbing it over the heads of a group of chattering first years into the fire. Okay. . . on Monday, I will be in danger of- er - burns.  Yeah, you will be, said Ron darkly, we're seeing the skrewts again on Monday. Okay, Tuesday, I'll. . . erm. .  Lose a treasured possession, said Harry, who was flicking through Unfogging the Future for ideas.  Good one, said Ron, copying it down. Because of... erm. . . Mercury. Why don't you get stabbed in the back by someone you thought was a friend?  Yeah. . . cool. . . said Harry, scribbling it down, because... Venus is in the twelfth house.  And on Wednesday, I think I'll come off worst in a fight.  Aaah, I was going to have a fight. Okay, I'll lose a bet.  Yeah, you'll be betting I'll win my fight. ..  They continued to make up predictions (which grew steadily more tragic) for another hour, while the common room around them slowly emptied as people went up to bed. Crookshanks wandered over to them, leapt lightly into an empty chair, and stared inscrutably at Harry, rather as Hermione might look if she knew they weren't doing their homework  properly.  Staring around the room, trying to think of a kind of misfortune he hadn't yet used, Harry saw Fred and George sitting together against the opposite wall, heads together, quills out, poring over a single piece of parchment. It was most unusual to see Fred and George hidden away in a corner and working silently	 they usually liked to be in the thick of things and the noisy center of attention. There was something secretive about the way they were working on the piece of parchment, and Harry was reminded of how they had sat together writing something back at the Burrow. He had thought then that it was another order form for Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes, but it didn't look like that this time	 if it had been, they would surely have let Lee Jordan in on the joke. He wondered whether it had anything to do with entering the Triwizard Tournament.  As Harry watched, George shook his head at Fred, scratched out something with his quill, and said, in a very quiet voice that nevertheless carried across the almost deserted room, No - that sounds like we're accusing him. Got to be careful. . .  Then George looked over and saw Harry watching him. Harry grinned and quickly returned to his predictions - he didn't want George to think he was eavesdropping. Shortly after that, the twins rolled up their parchment, said good night, and went off to bed.  Fred and George had been gone ten minutes or so when the portrait hole opened and Hermione climbed into the common room carrying a sheaf of parchment in one hand and a box whose contents rattled as she walked in the other. Crookshanks arched his back, purring.  Hello, she said, I've just finished!  So have I! said Ron triumphantly, throwing down his quill.  Hermione sat down, laid the things she was carrying in an empty armchair, and pulled Ron's predictions toward her.  Not going to have a very good month, are you? she said sardonically as Crookshanks curled up in her lap.  Ah well, at least I'm forewarned, Ron yawned.  You seem to be drowning twice, said Hermione.  Oh am I? said Ron, peering down at his predictions. I'd better change one of them to getting trampled by a rampaging hippogriff.  Don't you think it's a bit obvious you've made these up? said Hermione.  How dare you! said Ron, in mock outrage. We've been working like house-elves here!  Hermione raised her eyebrows.  It's just an expression, said Ron hastily.  Harry laid down his quill too, having just finished predicting his own death by decapitation.  What's in the box? he asked, pointing at it.  Funny you should ask, said Hermione, with a nasty look at Ron. She took off the lid and showed them the contents.  Inside were about fifty badges, all of different colors, but all bearing the same letters: S. P. E .W.  Spew? said Harry, picking up a badge and looking at it. What's this about?  Not spew, said Hermione impatiently. It's S-P-E-W. Stands for the Society for the Promotion of Elfish Welfare.  Never heard of it, said Ron.  Well, of course you haven't, said Hermione briskly, I've only just started it.  Yeah? said Ron in mild surprise. How many members have you got?  Well - if you two join - three, said Hermione.  And you think we want to walk around wearing badges saying 'spew,' do you? said Ron.  S-P-E-W! said Hermione hotly. I was going to put Stop the Outrageous Abuse of Our Fellow Magical Creatures and Campaign for a Change in Their Legal Status - but it wouldn't fit. So that's the heading of our manifesto.  She brandished the sheaf of parchment at them.  I've been researching it thoroughly in the library. Elf enslavement goes back centuries. I can't believe no one's done anything about it before now.  Hermione - open your ears, said Ron loudly. They. Like. It. They like being enslaved!  Our short-term aims, said Hermione, speaking even more loudly than Ron, and acting as though she hadn't heard a word, are to secure house-elves fair wages and working conditions. Our long-term aims include changing the law about non-wand use, and trying to get an elf into the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures,  because they're shockingly underrepresented.  And how do we do all this? Harry asked.  We start by recruiting members, said Hermione happily. I thought two Sickles to join -that buys a badge - and the proceeds can fund our leaflet campaign. You're treasurer, Ron - I've got you a collecting tin upstairs - and Harry, you're secretary, so you might want to write down everything I'm saying now, as a record of our first meeting.  There was a pause in which Hermione beamed at the pair of them, and Harry sat, torn between exasperation at Hermione and amusement at the look on Ron's face. The silence was broken, not by Ron, who in any case looked as though he was temporarily dumbstruck, but by a soft tap, tap on the window. Harry looked across the now empty common room and saw, illuminated by the moonlight, a snowy owl perched on the windowsill.  Hedwig! he shouted, and he launched himself out of his chair and across the room to pull open the window.  Hedwig flew inside, soared across the room, and landed on the table on top of Harry's predictions.  About time! said Harry, hurrying after her.  She's got an answer! said Ron excitedly, pointing at the grubby piece of parchment tied to Hedwig's leg.  Harry hastily untied it and sat down to read, whereupon Hedwig fluttered onto his knee, hooting softly.  What does it say? Hermione asked breathlessly.  The letter was very short, and looked as though it had been scrawled in a great hurry.  Harry read it aloud:  Harry - I'm flying north immediately. This news about your scar is the latest in a series of strange rumors that have reached me here. If it hurts again, go straight to Dumbledore -they're saying he's got Mad-Eye out of retirement, which means he's reading the signs, even if no one else is.  I'll be in touch soon. My best to Ron and Hermione. Keep your eyes open, Harry.  Sirius Harry looked up at Ron and Hermione, who stared back at him.  He's flying north? Hermione whispered. He's coming back?  Dumbledore's reading what signs? said Ron, looking perplexed. Harry - what's up?  For Harry had just hit himself in the forehead with his fist, jolting Hedwig out of his lap.  I shouldn't've told him! Harry said furiously.  What are you on about? said Ron in surprise.  It's made him think he's got to come back! said Harry, now slamming his fist on the table so that Hedwig landed on the back of Ron's chair, hooting indignantly. Coming back, because he thinks I'm in trouble! And there's nothing wrong with me! And I haven't got anything for you, Harry snapped at Hedwig, who was clicking her beak expectantly, you'll have to go up to the Owlery if you want food.  Hedwig gave him an extremely offended look and took off for the open window, cuffing him around the head with her outstretched wing as she went.  Harry, Hermione began, in a pacifying sort of voice.  I'm going to bed, said Harry shortly. See you in the morning.  Upstairs in the dormitory he pulled on his pajamas and got into his four-poster, but he didn't feel remotely tired.  If Sirius came back and got caught, it would be his, Harry's, fault. Why hadn't he kept his mouth shut? A few seconds' pain and he'd had to blab. . . . If he'd just had the sense to keep it to himself.  He heard Ron come up into the dormitory a short while later, but did not speak to him.  For a long time, Harry lay staring up at the dark canopy of his bed. The dormitory was completely silent, and, had he been less preoccupied, Harry would have realized that the absence of Neville's usual snores meant that he was not the only one lying awake.,72,Goblet of Fire,14								
Goblet of Fire=  Early next morning, Harry woke with a plan fully formed in his mind, as  though his sleeping brain had been working on it all night. He got up, dressed in the pale dawn light, left the dormitory without waking Ron, and went back down to the deserted common room. Here he took a piece of parchment from the table upon which his Divination homework still lay and wrote the following letter:  Dear Sirius, I reckon I just imagined my scar hurting, I was half asleep when I wrote to you last time. There's no point coming back, everything's fine here. Don't worry about me, my head feels completely normal.  Harry He then climbed out of the portrait hole, up through the silent castle (held up only briefly by Peeves, who tried to overturn a large vase on him halfway along the fourth-floor corridor), finally arriving at the Owlery, which was situated at the top of West Tower.  The Owlery was a circular stone room, rather cold and drafty, because none of the windows had glass in them. The floor was entirely covered in straw, owl droppings, and the regurgitated skeletons of mice and voles. Hundreds upon hundreds of owls of every breed imaginable were nestled here on perches that rose right up to the top of the tower, nearly all of them asleep, though here and there a round amber eye glared at Harry. He spotted Hedwig nestled between a barn owl and a tawny, and hurried over to her, sliding a little on the dropping-strewn floor.  It took him a while to persuade her to wake up and then to look at him, as she kept shuffling around on her perch, showing him her tail. She was evidently still furious about his lack of gratitude the previous night. In the end, it was Harry suggesting she might be too tired, and that perhaps he would ask Ron to borrow Pigwidgeon, that made her stick out her leg and allow him to tie the letter to it.  Just find him, all right? Harry said, stroking her back as he carried her on his arm to one of the holes in the wall. Before the dementors do.  She nipped his finger, perhaps rather harder than she would ordinarily have done, but hooted softly in a reassuring sort of way all the same. Then she spread her wings and took off into the sunrise. Harry watched her fly out of sight with the familiar feeling of unease back in his stomach. He had been so sure that Sirius's reply would alleviate his worries rather than increasing them.  That was a lie, Harry, said Hermione sharply over breakfast, when he told her and Ron what he had done. You didn't imagine your scar hurting and you know it.  So what? said Harry. He's not going back to Azkaban because of me.  Drop it, said Ron sharply to Hermione as she opened her mouth to argue some more, and for once, Hermione heeded him, and fell silent.  Harry did his best not to worry about Sirius over the next couple of weeks. True, he could not stop himself from looking anxiously around every morning when the post owls arrived, nor, late at night before he went to sleep, prevent himself from seeing horrible visions of Sirius, cornered by dementors down some dark London street, but betweentimes he tried to keep his mind off his godfather. He wished he still had Quidditch to distract him	 nothing worked so well on a troubled mind as a good, hard training session.  On the other hand, their lessons were becoming more difficult and demanding than ever before, particularly Moody's Defense Against the Dark Arts.  To their surprise, Professor Moody had announced that he would be putting the Imperius Curse on each of them in turn, to demonstrate its power and to see whether they could resist its effects.  But - but you said it's illegal, Professor, said Hermione uncertainly as Moody cleared away the desks with a sweep of his wand, leaving a large clear space in the middle of the room. You said - to use it against another human was -  Dumbledore wants you taught what it feels like, said Moody, his magical eye swiveling onto Hermione and fixing her with an eerie, unblinking stare. If you'd rather learn the hard way - when someone's putting it on you so they can control you completely - fine by me. You're excused. Off you go.  He pointed one gnarled finger toward the door. Hermione went very pink and muttered something about not meaning that she wanted to leave. Harry and Ron grinned at each other. They knew Hermione would rather eat bubotuber pus than miss such an important lesson.  Moody began to beckon students forward in turn and put the Imperius Curse upon them.  Harry watched as, one by one, his classmates did the most extraordinary things under its influence. Dean Thomas hopped three times around the room, singing the national anthem.  Lavender Brown imitated a squirrel. Neville performed a series of quite astonishing gymnastics he would certainly not have been capable of in his normal state. Not one of them seemed to be able to fight off the curse, and each of them recovered only when Moody had removed it.  Potter, Moody growled, you next.  Harry moved forward into the middle of the classroom, into the space that Moody had cleared of desks. Moody raised his wand, pointed it at Harry, and said, '1mperio!  It was the most wonderful feeling. Harry felt a floating sensation as every thought and worry in his head was wiped gently away, leaving nothing but a vague, untraceable happiness. He stood there feeling immensely relaxed, only dimly aware of everyone watching him.  And then he heard Mad-Eye Moody's voice, echoing in some distant chamber of his empty brain: Jump onto the desk. . . jump onto the desk. . .  Harry bent his knees obediently, preparing to spring.  Jump onto the desk....  Why, though? Another voice had awoken in the back of his brain.  Stupid thing to do, really, said the voice.  Jump onto the desk....  No, I don't think I will, thanks, said the other voice, a little more firmly. . . no, I don't really want to.  Jump! NOW!  The next thing Harry felt was considerable pain. He had both jumped and tried to prevent himself from jumping - the result was that he'd smashed headlong into the desk knocking it over, and, by the feeling in his legs, fractured both his kneecaps.  Now, that's more like it! growled Moody's voice, and suddenly, Harry felt the empty, echoing feeling in his head disappear. He remembered exactly what was happening, and the pain in his knees seemed to double.  Look at that, you lot. . . Potter fought! He fought it, and he damn near beat it!  We'll try that again, Potter, and the rest of you, pay attention - watch his eyes, that's where you see it - very good, Potter, very good indeed! They'll have trouble controlling you!  The way he talks, Harry muttered as he hobbled out of the Defense Against the Dark Arts class an hour later (Moody had insisted on putting Harry through his paces four times in a row, until Harry could throw off the curse entirely), you'd think we were all going to be attacked any second.  Yeah, I know, said Ron, who was skipping on every alternate step. He had had much more difficulty with the curse than Harry, though Moody assured him the effects would wear off by lunchtime. Talk about paranoid. . . Ron glanced nervously over his shoulder to check that Moody was definitely out of earshot and went on. No wonder they were glad to get shot of him at the Ministry. Did you hear him telling Seamus what he did to that witch who shouted 'Boo' behind him on April Fools' Day? And when are we supposed to read up on resisting the Imperius Curse with everything else we've got to do?  All the fourth years had noticed a definite increase in the amount of work they were required to do this term. Professor McGonagall explained why, when the class gave a particularly loud groan at the amount of Transfiguration homework she had assigned.  You are now entering a most important phase of your magical education! she told them, her eyes glinting dangerously behind her square spectacles. Your Ordinary Wizarding Levels are drawing closer --  We don't take O.W.L.s till fifth year! s aid Dean Thomas indignantly.  Maybe not, Thomas, but believe me, you need all the preparation you can get! Miss Granger remains the only person in this class who has managed to turn a hedgehog into a satisfactory pincushion. I might remind you that your pincushion, Thomas, still curls up in fright if anyone approaches it with a pin!  Hermione, who had turned rather pink again, seemed to be trying not to look too pleased with herself.  Harry and Ron were deeply amused when Professor Trelawney told them that they had received top marks for their homework in their next Divination class. She read out large  portions of their predictions, commending them for their unflinching acceptance of the horrors in store for them - but they were less amused when she asked them to do the same thing for the month after next	 both of them were running out of ideas for catastrophes.  Meanwhile Professor Binns, the ghost who taught History of Magic, had them writing weekly essays on the goblin rebellions of the eighteenth century. Professor Snape was forcing them to research antidotes. They took this one seriously, as he had hinted that he might be poisoning one of them before Christmas to see if their antidote worked. Professor Flitwick had asked them to read three extra books in preparation for their lesson on Summoning Charms.  Even Hagrid was adding to their workload. The Blast-Ended Skrewts were growing at a remarkable pace given that nobody had yet discovered what they ate. Hagrid was delighted, and as part of their project, suggested that they come down to his hut on alternate evenings to observe the skrewts and make notes on their extraordinary behavior.  I will not, said Draco Malfoy flatly when Hagrid had proposed this with the air of Father Christmas pulling an extra-large toy out of his sack. I see enough of these foul things during lessons, thanks.  Hagrid's smile faded off his face.  Yeh'll do wha' yer told, he growled, or I'll be takin' a leaf outta Professor Moody's book. . . . I hear yeh made a good ferret, Malfoy.  The Gryffindors roared with laughter. Malfoy flushed with anger, but apparently the memory of Moody's punishment was still sufficiently painful to stop him from retorting.  Harry, Ron, and Hermione returned to the castle at the end of the lesson in high spirits	 seeing Hagrid put down Malfoy was particularly satisfying, especially because Malfoy had done his very best to get Hagrid sacked the previous year.  When they arrived in the entrance hall, they found themselves unable to proceed owing to the large crowd of students congregated there, all milling around a large sign that had been erected at the foot of the marble staircase. Ron, the tallest of the three, stood on tiptoe to see over the heads in front of them and read the sign aloud to the other two:  TRIWIZARD TOURNAMENT THE DELEGATIONS FROM BEAUXBATONS AND DURMSTRANG WILL BE ARRIVING AT 6 O'CLOCK ON FRIDAY THE 30TH OF OCTOBER. LESSONS WILL END HALF AN HOUR EARLY -- Brilliant! said Harry. It's Potions last thing on Friday! Snape won't have time to poison us all!  STUDENTS WILL RETURN THEIR BAGS AND BOOKS TO THEIR DORMITORIES AND ASSEMBLE IN FRONT OF THE CASTLE TO GREET OUR GUESTS BEFORE THE WELCOMING FEAST.  Only a week away! said Ernie Macmillan of Hufflepuff, emerging from the crowd, his eyes gleaming. I wonder if Cedric knows? Think I'll go and tell him. . . .  Cedric? said Ron blankly as Ernie hurried off.  Diggory, said Harry. He must be entering the tournament.  That idiot, Hogwarts champion? said Ron as they pushed their way through the chattering crowd toward the staircase.  He's not an idiot. You just don't like him because he beat Gryffindor at Quidditch,  said Hermione. I've heard he's a really good student - and he's a prefect.  She spoke as though this settled the matter.  You only like him because he's handsome, said Ron scathingly.  Excuse me, I don't like people just because they're handsome! said Hermione indignantly.  Ron gave a loud false cough, which sounded oddly like Lockhart!  The appearance of the sign in the entrance hall had a marked effect upon the inhabitants of the castle. During the following week, there seemed to be only one topic of conversation, no matter where Harry went: the Triwizard Tournament. Rumors were flying from student to student like highly contagious germs: who was going to try for Hogwarts  champion, what the tournament would involve, how the students from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang differed from themselves.  Harry noticed too that the castle seemed to be undergoing an extra-thorough cleaning.  Several grimy portraits had been scrubbed, much to the displeasure of their subjects, who sat huddled in their frames muttering darkly and wincing as they felt their raw pink faces. The suits of armor were suddenly gleaming and moving without squeaking, and Argus Filch, the caretaker, was behaving so ferociously to any students who forgot to wipe their shoes that he terrified a pair of first-year girls into hysterics.  Other members of the staff seemed oddly tense too.  Longbottom, kindly do not reveal that you can't even perform a simple Switching Spell in front of anyone from Durmstrang! Professor McGonagall barked at the end of one particularly difficult lesson, during which Neville had accidentally transplanted his own ears onto a cactus.  When they went down to breakfast on the morning of the thirtieth of October, they found that the Great Hall had been decorated overnight. Enormous silk banners hung from the walls, each of them representing a Hogwarts House: red with a gold lion for Gryffiindor, blue with a bronze eagle for Ravenclaw, yellow with a black badger for Hufflepuff, and green with a silver serpent for Slytherin. Behind the teachers' table, the largest banner of all bore the Hogwarts coat of arms: lion, eagle, badger, and snake united around a large letter H.  Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat down beside Fred and George at the Gryffindor table. Once again, and most unusually, they were sitting apart from everyone else and conversing in low voices. Ron led the way over to them.  It's a bummer, all right, George was saying gloomily to Fred. But if he won't talk to us in person, we'll have to send him the letter after all. Or we'll stuff it into his hand. He can't avoid us forrever.  Who's avoiding you? said Ron, sitting down next to them.  Wish you would, said Fred, looking irritated at the interruption.  What's a bummer? Ron asked George.  Having a nosy git like you for a brother, said George.  You two got any ideas on the Triwizard Tournament yet? Harry asked. Thought any more about trying to enter?  I asked McGonagall how the champions are chosen but she wasn't telling, said George bitterly. She just told me to shut up and get on with transfiguring my raccoon.  Wonder what the tasks are going to be? said Ron thoughtfully. You know, I bet we could do them, Harry. We've done dangerous stuff before. . . .  Not in front of a panel of judges, you haven't, said Fred. McGonagall says the champions get awarded points according to how well they've done the tasks.  Who are the judges? Harry asked.  Well, the Heads of the participating schools are always on the panel, said Hermione, and everyone looked around at her, rather surprised, because all three of them were injured during the Tournament of 1792, when a cockatrice the champions were supposed to be catching went on the rampage.  She noticed them all looking at her and said, with her usual air of impatience that nobody else had read all the books she had, It's all in Hogwarts, A History. Though, of course, that book's not entirely reliable. A Revised History of Hogwarts would be a more accurate title. Or A Highly Biased and Selective History of Hogwarts, Which Glosses Over the Nastier Aspects of the School.  What are you on about? said Ron, though Harry thought he knew what was coming.  House-elves! said Hermione, her eyes flashing. Not once, in over a thousand pages, does Hogwarts, A History mention that we are all colluding in the oppression of a hundred slaves!  Harry shook his head and applied himself to his scrambled eggs. His and Ron's lack of enthusiasm had done nothing whatsoever to curb Hermione's determination to pursue justice for house-elves.  True, both of them had paid two Sickles for a S.P.E.W. badge, but they had only done it to keep her quiet. Their Sickles had been wasted, however	 if anything, they seemed to have made Hermione more vociferous. She had been badgering Harry and Ron ever since, first to wear the badges, then to persuade others to do the same, and she had also taken to rattling around the Gryffindor common room every evening, cornering people and shaking the collecting tin under their noses.  You do realize that your sheets are changed, your fires lit, your classrooms cleaned, and your food cooked by a group of magical creatures who are unpaid and enslaved? she kept saying fiercely.  Some people, like Neville, had paid up just to stop Hermione from glowering at them. A few seemed mildly interested in what she had to say, but were reluctant to take a more active role in campaigning. Many regarded the whole thing as a joke.  Ron now rolled his eyes at the ceiling, which was flooding them all in autumn sunlight, and Fred became extremely interested in his bacon (both twins had refused to buy a S.P.E.W. badge). George, however, leaned in toward Hermione.  Listen, have you ever been down in the kitchens, Hermione?  No, of course not, said Hermione curtly, I hardly think students are supposed to -  Well, we have, said George, indicating Fred, loads of times, to nick food. And we've met them, and they're happy. They think they've got the best job in the world -  That's because they're uneducated and brainwashed! Hermione began hotly, but her next few words were drowned out by the sudden whooshing noise from overhead, which announced the arrival of the post owls. Harry looked up at once, and saw Hedwig soaring toward him. Hermione stopped talking abruptly	 she and Ron watched Hedwig anxiously as she fluttered down onto Harry's shoulder, folded her wings, and held out her leg wearily.  Harry pulled off Sirius's reply and offered Hedwig his bacon rinds, which she ate gratefully. Then, checking that Fred and George were safely immersed in further discussions about the Triwizard Tournament, Harry read out Sirius's letter in a whisper to Ron and Hermione.  Nice try, Harry.  I'm back in the country and well hidden. I want you to keep me posted on everything that's going on at Hogwarts. Don't use Hedwig, keep changing owls, and don't worry about me, just watch out for yourself Don't forget what I said about your scar.  Sirius Why d'you have to keep changing owls? Ron asked in a low voice.  Hedwig'll attract too much attention, said Hermione at once. She stands out. A snowy owl that keeps returning to wherever he's hiding. . . I mean, they're not native birds, are they?  Harry rolled up the letter and slipped it inside his robes, wondering whether he felt more or less worried than before. He supposed that Sirius managing to get back without being caught was something. He couldn't deny either that the idea that Sirius was much nearer was reassuring	 at least he wouldn't have to wait so long for a response every time he wrote.  Thanks, Hedwig, he said, stroking her. She hooted sleepily, dipped her beak briefly into his goblet of orange juice, then took off again, clearly desperate for a good long sleep in the Owlery.  There was a pleasant feeling of anticipation in the air that day. Nobody was very attentive in lessons, being much more interested in the arrival that evening of the people from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang	 even Potions was more bearable than usual, as it was half an hour shorter. When the bell rang early, Harry, Ron, and Hermione hurried up to Gryffindor Tower, deposited their bags and books as they had been instructed, pulled on their cloaks, and rushed back downstairs into the entrance hall.  The Heads of Houses were ordering their students into lines.  Weasley, straighten your hat, Professor McGonagall snapped at Ron. Miss Patil, take that ridiculous thing out of your hair.  Parvati scowled and removed a large ornamental butterfly from the end of her plait.  Follow me, please, said Professor McGonagall. First years in front. . . no pushing..  .  They filed down the steps and lined up in front of the castle. It was a cold, clear evening	 dusk was falling and a pale, transparent-looking moon was already shining over the Forbidden Forest. Harry, standing between Ron and Hermione in the fourth row from the front, saw Dennis Creevey positively shivering with anticipation among the other first years.  Nearly six, said Ron, checking his watch and then staring down the drive that led to the front gates. How d'you reckon they're coming? The train?  I doubt it, said Hermione.  How, then? Broomsticks? Harry suggested, looking up at the starry sky.  I don't think so. . . not from that far away.. .  A Portkey? Ron suggested. Or they could Apparate - maybe you're allowed to do it under seventeen wherever they come from?  You can't Apparate inside the Hogwarts grounds, how often do I have to tell you? said Hermione impatiently.  They scanned the darkening grounds excitedly, but nothing was moving	 everything was still, silent, and quite as usual. Harry was starting to feel cold. He wished they'd hurry up. .. . Maybe the foreign students were preparing a dramatic entrance. . . . He remembered what Mr. Weasley had said back at the campsite before the Quidditch World Cup:  always the same - we can't resist showing off when we get together. ..  And then Dumbledore called out from the back row where he stood with the other teachers -  Aha! Unless I am very much mistaken, the delegation from Beauxbatons approaches!  Where? said many students eagerly, all looking in different directions.  There! yelled a sixth year, pointing over the forest.  Something large, much larger than a broomstick - or, indeed, a hundred broomsticks - was hurtling across the deep blue sky toward the castle, growing larger all the time.  It's a dragon! shrieked one of the first years, losing her head completely.  Don't be stupid. . . it's a flying house! said Dennis Creevey.  Dennis's guess was closer. . . . As the gigantic black shape skimmed over the treetops of the Forbidden Forest and the lights shining from the castle windows hit it, they saw a gigantic, powderblue, horse-drawn carriage, the size of a large house, soaring toward them, pulled through the air by a dozen winged horses, all palominos, and each the size of an elephant.  The front three rows of students drew backward as the carriage hurtled ever lower, coming in to land at a tremendous speed - then, with an almighty crash that made Neville jump backward onto a Slytherin fifth year's foot, the horses' hooves, larger than dinner plates, hit the ground. A second later, the carriage landed too, bouncing upon its vast wheels, while the golden horses tossed their enormous heads and rolled large, fiery red eyes.  Harry just had time to see that the door of the carriage bore a coat of arms (two crossed, golden wands, each emitting three stars) before it opened.  A boy in pale blue robes jumped down from the carriage, bent forward, fumbled for a moment with something on the carriage floor, and unfolded a set of golden steps. He sprang back respectfully. Then Harry saw a shining, high-heeled black shoe emerging from the inside of the carriage - a shoe the size of a child's sled - followed, almost immediately, by the largest woman he had ever seen in his life. The size of the carriage, and of the horses, was immediately explained. A few people gasped.  Harry had only ever seen one person as large as this woman in his life, and that was Hagrid	 he doubted whether there was an inch difference in their heights. Yet somehow -maybe simply because he was used to Hagrid - this woman (now at the foot of the steps, and looking around at the waiting, wide-eyed crowd) seemed even more unnaturally large.  As she stepped into the light flooding from the entrance hall, she was revealed to have a handsome, olive-skinned face	 large, black, liquid-looking eyes	 and a rather beaky nose.  Her hair was drawn back in a shining knob at the base of her neck. She was dressed from head to foot in black satin, and many magnificent opals gleamed at her throat and on her thick fingers.  Dumbledore started to clap	 the students, following his lead, broke into applause too, many of them standing on tiptoe, the better to look at this woman.  Her face relaxed into a gracious smile and she walked forward toward Dumbledore, extending a glittering hand. Dumbledore, though tall himself, had barely to bend to kiss it.  My dear Madame Maxime, he said. Welcome to Hogwarts.  Dumbly-dort, said Madame Maxime in a deep voice. I 'ope I find you well?  In excellent form, I thank you, said Dumbledore.  My pupils, said Madame Maxime, waving one of her enormous hands carelessly behind her.  Harry, whose attention had been focused completely upon Madame Maxime, now noticed that about a dozen boys and girls, all, by the look of them, in their late teens, had emerged from the carriage and were now standing behind Madame Maxime. They were shivering, which was unsurprising, given that their robes seemed to be made of fine silk, and none of them were wearing cloaks. A few had wrapped scarves and shawls around their heads. From what  Harry could see of them (they were standing in Madame Maxime's enormous shadow), they were staring up at Hogwarts with apprehensive looks on their faces.  As Karkaroff arrived yet? Madame Maxime asked.  He should be here any moment, said Dumbledore. Would you like to wait here and greet him or would you prefer to step inside and warm up a trifle?  Warm up, I think, said Madame Maxime. But ze 'orses -  Our Care of Magical Creatures teacher will be delighted to take care of them, said Dumbledore, the moment he has returned from dealing with a slight situation that has arisen with some of his other - er - charges.  Skrewts, Ron muttered to Harry, grinning.  My steeds require - er - forceful 'andling, said Madame Maxime, looking as though she doubted whether any Care of Magical Creatures teacher at Hogwarts could be up to the job.  Zey are very strong. . . .  I assure you that Hagrid will be well up to the job, said Dumbledore, smiling.  Very well, said Madame Maxime, bowing slightly. Will you please inform zis 'Agrid zat ze 'orses drink only single-malt whiskey?  It will be attended to, said Dumbledore, also bowing.  Come, said Madame Maxime imperiously to her students, and the Hogwarts crowd parted to allow her and her students to pass up the stone steps.  How big d'you reckon Durmstrang's horses are going to be? Seamus Finnigan said, leaning around Lavender and Parvati to address Harry and Ron.  Well, if they're any bigger than this lot, even Hagrid won't be able to handle them,  said Harry. That's if he hasn't been attacked by his skrewts. Wonder what's up with them?  Maybe they've escaped, said Ron hopefully.  Oh don't say that, said Hermione with a shudder. Imagine that lot loose on the grounds. . . .  They stood, shivering slightly now, waiting for the Durmstrang party to arrive. Most people were gazing hopefully up at the sky.  For a few minutes, the silence was broken only by Madame Maxime's huge horses snorting and stamping. But then - Can you hear something? said Ron suddenly.  Harry listened
Goblet of Fire=  I don't believe it! Ron said, in a stunned voice, as the Hogwarts students filed back up the steps behind the party from Durmstrang. Krum, Harry! Viktor Krum!  For heaven's sake, Ron, he's only a Quidditch player, said Hermione.  Only a Quidditch player? Ron said, looking at her as though he couldn't believe his ears. Hermione - he's one of the best Seekers in the world! I had no idea he was still at school!  As they recrossed the entrance hall with the rest of the Hogwarts students heading for the Great Hall, Harry saw Lee Jordan jumping up and down on the soles of his feet to get a better look at the back of Krum's head. Several sixth-year girls were frantically searching their pockets as they walked - Oh I don't believe it, I haven't got a single quill on me -  D'you think he'd sign my hat in lipstick?  Really, Hermione said loftily as they passed the girls, now squabbling over the lipstick.  I'm getting his autograph if I can, said Ron. You haven't got a quill, have you, Harry?  Nope, they're upstairs in my bag, said Harry.  They walked over to the Gryffindor table and sat down. Ron took care to sit on the side facing the doorway, because Krum and his fellow Durmstrang students were still gathered around it, apparently unsure about where they should sit. The students from Beauxbatons had chosen seats at the Ravenclaw table. They were looking around the Great Hall with glum expressions on their faces. Three of them were still clutching scarves and shawls around their heads.  It's not that cold, said Hermione defensively. Why didn't they bring cloaks?  Over here! Come and sit over here! Ron hissed. Over here! Hermione, budge up, make a space -  What?  Too late, said Ron bitterly.  Viktor Krum and his fellow Durmstrang students had settled themselves at the Slytherin table. Harry could see Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle looking very smug about this. As he watched, Malfoy bent forward to speak to Krum.  Yeah, that's right, smarm up to him, Malfoy, said Ron scathingly. I bet Krum can see right through him, though. . . bet he gets people fawning over him all the time.. . .  Where d'you reckon they're going to sleep? We could offer him a space in our dormitory, Harry. . . I wouldn't mind giving him my bed, I could kip on a camp bed.  Hermione snorted.  They look a lot happier than the Beauxbatons lot, said Harry. The Durmstrang students were pulling off their heavy furs and looking up at the starry black ceiling with expressions of interest	 a couple of them were picking up the golden plates and goblets and examining them, apparently impressed.  Up at the staff table, Filch, the caretaker, was adding chairs. He was wearing his moldy old tailcoat in honor of the occasion. Harry was surprised to see that he added four chairs, two on either side of Dumbledore's.  But there are only two extra people, Harry said. Why's Filch putting out four chairs, who else is coming?  Eh? said Ron vaguely. He was still staring avidly at Krum.  When all the students had entered the Hall and settled down at their House tables, the staff entered, filing up to the top table and taking their seats. Last in line were Professor Dumbledore, Professor Karkaroff, and Madame Maxime. When their headmistress appeared, the pupils from Beauxbatons leapt to their feet. A few of the Hogwarts students laughed. The Beauxbatons party appeared quite unembarrassed, however, and did not resume their seats until Madame Maxime had sat down on Dumbledore's left-hand side.  Dumbledore remained standing, and a silence fell over the Great Hall.  Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, ghosts and - most particularly - guests, said Dumbledore, beaming around at the foreign students. I have great pleasure in welcoming you all to Hogwarts. I hope and trust that your stay here will be both comfortable and enjoyable.  One of the Beauxbatons girls still clutching a muffler around her head gave what was unmistakably a derisive laugh.  No one's making you stay! Hermione whispered, bristling at her.  The tournament will be officially opened at the end of the feast, said Dumbledore. I now invite you all to eat, drink, and make yourselves at home!  He sat down, and Harry saw Karkaroff lean forward at once and engage him in conversation.  The plates in front of them filled with food as usual. The house-elves in the kitchen seemed to have pulled out all the stops	 there was a greater variety of dishes in front of them than Harry had ever seen, including several that were definitely foreign.  What's that? said Ron, pointing at a large dish of some sort of shellfish stew that stood beside a large steak-and-kidney pudding.  Bouillabaisse, said Hermione.  Bless you, said Ron.  It's French, said Hermione, I had it on holiday summer before last. It's very nice.  I'll take your word for it, said Ron, helping himself to black pudding.  The Great Hall seemed somehow much more crowded than usual, even though there were barely twenty additional students there	 perhaps it was because their differently colored uniforms stood out so clearly against the black of the Hogwarts' robes. Now that they had removed their furs, the Durmstrang students were revealed to be wearing robes of a deep bloodred.  Hagrid sidled into the Hall through a door behind the staff table twenty minutes after the start of the feast. He slid into his seat at the end and waved at Harry, Ron, and Hermione with a very heavily bandaged hand.  Skrewts doing all right, Hagrid? Harry called.  Thrivin', Hagrid called back happily.  Yeah, I'll just bet they are, said Ron quietly. Looks like they've finally found a food they like, doesn't it? Hagrid's fingers.  At that moment, a voice said, Excuse me, are you wanting ze bouillabaisse?  It was the girl from Beauxbatons who had laughed during Dumbledore's speech. She had finally removed her muffler. A long sheet of silvery-blonde hair fell almost to her waist. She had large, deep blue eyes, and very white, even teeth.  Ron went purple. He stared up at her, opened his mouth to reply, but nothing came out except a faint gurgling noise.  Yeah, have it, said Harry, pushing the dish toward the girl.  You 'ave finished wiz it?  Yeah, Ron said breathlessly. Yeah, it was excellent.  The girl picked up the dish and carried it carefully off to the Ravenclaw table. Ron was still goggling at the girl as though he had never seen one before. Harry started to laugh. The sound seemed to jog Ron back to his senses.  She's a veela! he said hoarsely to Harry.  Of course she isn't! said Hermione tartly. I don't see anyone else gaping at her like an idiot!  But she wasn't entirely right about that. As the girl crossed the Hall, many boys' heads turned, and some of them seemed to have become temporarily speechless, just like Ron.  I'm telling you, that's not a normal girl! said Ron, leaning sideways so he could keep a clear view of her. They don't make them like that at Hogwarts!  They make them okay at Hogwarts, said Harry without thinking. Cho happened to be sitting only a few places away from the girl with the silvery hair.  When you've both put your eyes back in, said Hermione briskly, you'll be able to see who's just arrived.  She was pointing up at the staff table. The two remaining empty seats had just been filled. Ludo Bagman was now sitting on Professor Karkaroff's other side, while Mr.  Crouch, Percy's boss, was next to Madame Maxime.  What are they doing here? said Harry in surprise.  They organized the Triwizard Tournament, didn't they? said Hermione. I suppose they wanted to be here to see it start.  When the second course arrived they noticed a number of unfamiliar desserts too. Ron examined an odd sort of pale blancmange closely, then moved it carefully a few inches to his right, so that it would be clearly visible from the Ravenclaw table. The girl who looked like a veela appeared to have eaten enough, however, and did not come over to get it.  Once the golden plates had been wiped clean, Dumbledore stood up again. A pleasant sort of tension seemed to fill the Hall now. Harry felt a slight thrill of excitement, wondering what was coming. Several seats down from them, Fred and George were leaning forward, staring at Dumbledore with great concentration.  The moment has come, said Dumbledore, smiling around at the sea of upturned faces. The Triwizard Tournament is about to start. I would like to say a few words of explanation before we bring in the casket --  The what? Harry muttered.  Ron shrugged.  - just to clarify the procedure that we will be following this year. But first, let me introduce, for those who do not know them, Mr. Bartemius Crouch, Head of the Department of International Magical Cooperation - there was a smattering of polite applause - and Mr. Ludo Bagman, Head of the Department of Magical Games and Sports.  There was a much louder round of applause for Bagman than for Crouch, perhaps because of his fame as a Beater, or simply because he looked so much more likable. He acknowledged it with a jovial wave of his hand. Bartemius Crouch did not smile or wave when his name was announced. Remembering him in his neat suit at the Quidditch World Cup, Harry thought he looked strange in wizard's robes. His toothbrush mustache and severe parting looked very odd next to Dumbledore's long white hair and beard.  Mr. Bagman and Mr. Crouch have worked tirelessly over the last few months on the arrangements for the Triwizard Tournament, Dumbledore continued, and they will be joining myself, Professor Karkaroff, and Madame Maxime on the panel that will judge the champions' efforts.  At the mention of the word champions, the attentiveness of the listening students seemed to sharpen. Perhaps Dumbledore had noticed their sudden stillness, for he smiled as he said, The casket, then, if you please, Mr. Filch.  Filch, who had been lurking unnoticed in a far corner of the Hall, now approached Dumbledore carrying a great wooden chest encrusted with jewels. It looked extremely old.  A murmur of excited interest rose from the watching students	 Dennis Creevey actually stood on his chair to see it properly, but, being so tiny, his head hardly rose above anyone else's.  The instructions for the tasks the champions will face this year have already been examined by Mr. Crouch and Mr. Bagman, said Dumbledore as Filch placed the chest carefully on the table before him, and they have made the necessary arrangements for each challenge. There will be three tasks, spaced throughout the school year, and they will test the champions in many different ways.. their magical prowess - their daring -their powers of deduction - and, of course, their ability to cope with danger.  At this last word, the Hall was filled with a silence so absolute that nobody seemed to be breathing.  As you know, three champions compete in the tournament, Dumbledore went on calmly, one from each of the participating schools. They will be marked on how well they perform each of the Tournament tasks and the champion with the highest total after task three will win the Triwizard Cup. The champions will be chosen by an impartial selector: the Goblet of Fire.  Dumbledore now took out his wand and tapped three times upon the top of the casket. The lid creaked slowly open. Dumbledore reached inside it and pulled out a large, roughly hewn wooden cup. It would have been entirely unremarkable had it not been full to the brim with dancing blue-white flames.  Dumbledore closed the casket and placed the goblet carefully on top of it, where it would be clearly visible to everyone in the Hall.  Anybody wishing to submit themselves as champion must write their name and school clearly upon a slip of parchment and drop it into the goblet, said Dumbledore. Aspiring champions have twenty-four hours in which to put their names forward. Tomorrow night, Halloween, the goblet will return the names of the three it has judged most worthy to represent their schools. The goblet will be placed in the entrance hall tonight, where it will be freely accessible to all those wishing to compete.  To ensure that no underage student yields to temptation, said Dumbledore, I will be drawing an Age Line around the Goblet of Fire once it has been placed in the entrance hall. Nobody under the age of seventeen will be able to cross this line.  Finally, I wish to impress upon any of you wishing to compete that this tournament is not to be entered into lightly. Once a champion has been selected by the Goblet of Fire, he or she is obliged to see the tournament through to the end. The placing of your name in the goblet constitutes a binding, magical contract. There can be no change of heart once you have become a champion. Please be very sure, therefore, that you are wholeheartedly prepared to play before you drop your name into the goblet. Now, I think it is time for bed. Good night to you all.  An Age Line! Fred Weasley said, his eyes glinting, as they all made their way across the Hall to the doors into the entrance hall. Well, that should be fooled by an Aging Potion, shouldn't it? And once your name's in that goblet, you're laughing - it can't tell whether you're seventeen or not!  But I don't think anyone under seventeen will stand a chance, said Hermione, we just haven't learned enough. . .  Speak for yourself, said George shortly. You'll try and get in, won't you, Harry?  Harry thought briefly of Dumbledore's insistence that nobody under seventeen should submit their name, but then the wonderful picture of himself winning the Triwizard Tournament filled his mind again. .. . He wondered how angry Dumbledore would be if someone younger than seventeen did find a way to get over the Age Line.  Where is he? said Ron, who wasn't listening to a word of this conversation, but looking through the crowd to see what had become of Krum. Dumbledore didn't say where the Durmstrang people are sleeping, did he?  But this query was answered almost instantly	 they were level with the Slytherin table now, and Karkaroff had just bustled up to his students.  Back to the ship, then, he was saying. Viktor, how are you feeling? Did you eat enough? Should I send for some mulled wine from the kitchens?  Harry saw Krum shake his head as he pulled his furs back on. Professor, Ivood like some vine, said one of the other Durmstrang boys hopefully.  I wasn't offering it to you, Poliakoff, snapped Karkaroff, his warmly paternal air vanishing in an instant. I notice you have dribbled food all down the front of your robes again, disgusting boy -  Karkaroff turned and led his students toward the doors, reaching them at exactly the same moment as Harry, Ron, and Hermione. Harry stopped to let him walk through first.  Thank you, said Karkaroff carelessly, glancing at him. And then Karkaroff froze. He turned his head back to Harry and stared at him as though he couldn't believe his eyes.  Behind their headmaster, the students from Durmstrang came to a halt too. Karkaroff's eyes moved slowly up Harry's face and fixed upon his scar. The Durmstrang students were staring curiously at Harry too. Out of the corner of his eye, Harry saw comprehension dawn on a few of their faces. The boy with food all down his front nudged the girl next to him and pointed openly at Harry's forehead.  Yeah, that's Harry Potter, said a growling voice from behind them.  Professor Karkaroff spun around. Mad-Eye Moody was standing there, leaning heavily on his staff, his magical eye glaring unblinkingly at the Durmstrang headmaster.  The color drained from Karkaroff's face as Harry watched. A terrible look of mingled fury and fear came over him.  You! he said, staring at Moody as though unsure he was really seeing him.  Me, said Moody grimly. And unless you've got anything to say to Potter, Karkaroff, you might want to move. You're blocking the doorway.  It was true	 half the students in the Hall were now waiting behind them, looking over one another's shoulders to see what was causing the holdup.  Without another word, Professor Karkaroff swept his students away with him. Moody watched him until he was out of sight, his magical eye fixed upon his back, a look of intense dislike upon his mutilated face.  As the next day was Saturday, most students would normally have breakfasted late. Harry, Ron, and Hermione, however, were not alone in rising much earlier than they usually did on weekends. When they went down into the entrance hall, they saw about twenty people milling around it, some of them eating toast, all examining the Goblet of Fire. It had been placed in the center of the hall on the stool that normally bore the Sorting Hat. A thin golden line had been traced on the floor, forming a circle ten feet around it in every direction.  Anyone put their name in yet? Ron asked a third-year girl eagerly.  All the Durmstrang lot, she replied. But I haven't seen anyone from Hogwarts yet.  Bet some of them put it in last night after we'd all gone to bed, said Harry. I would've if it had been me. . . wouldn't have wanted everyone watching. What if the goblet just gobbed you right back out again?  Someone laughed behind Harry. Turning, he saw Fred, George, and Lee Jordan hurrying down the staircase, all three of them looking extremely excited.  Done it, Fred said in a triumphant whisper to Harry, Ron, and Hermione. Just taken it.  What? said Ron.  The Aging Potion, dung brains, said Fred.  One drop each, said George, rubbing his hands together with glee. We only need to be a few months older.  We're going to split the thousand Galleons between the three of us if one of us wins,  said Lee, grinning broadly.  I'm not sure this is going to work, you know, said Hermione warningly. I'm sure Dumbledore will have thought of this.  Fred, George, and Lee ignored her.  Ready? Fred said to the other two, quivering with excitement. C'mon, then - I'll go first -  Harry watched, fascinated, as Fred pulled a slip of parchment out of his pocket bearing the words Fred Weasley - Hogwarts. Fred walked right up to the edge of the line and stood there, rocking on his toes like a diver preparing for a fifty-foot drop. Then, with the eyes of every person in the entrance hall upon him, he took a great breath and stepped over the line.  For a split second Harry thought it had worked - George certainly thought so, for he let out a yell of triumph and leapt after Fred - but next moment, there was a loud sizzling sound, and both twins were hurled out of the golden circle as though they had been thrown by an invisible shot-putter. They landed painfully, ten feet away on the cold stone floor, and to add insult to injury, there was a loud popping noise, and both of them sprouted identical long white beards.  The entrance hall rang with laughter. Even Fred and George joined in, once they had gotten to their feet and taken a good look at each other's beards.  I did warn you, said a deep, amused voice, and everyone turned to see Professor Dumbledore coming out of the Great Hall. He surveyed Fred and George, his eyes twinkling. I suggest you both go up to Madam Pomfrey. She is already tending to Miss Fawcett, of Ravenclaw, and Mr. Summers, of Hufflepuff, both of whom decided to age themselves up a little too. Though I must say, neither of their beards is anything like as fine as yours.  Fred and George set off for the hospital wing, accompanied by Lee, who was howling with laughter, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione, also chortling, went in to breakfast.  The decorations in the Great Hall had changed this morning. As it was Halloween, a cloud of live bats was fluttering around the enchanted ceiling, while hundreds of carved pumpkins leered from every corner. Harry led the way over to Dean and Seamus, who were discussing those Hogwarts students of seventeen or over who might be entering.  There's a rumor going around that Warrington got up early and put his name in, Dean told Harry. That big bloke from Slytherin who looks like a sloth.  Harry, who had played Quidditch against Warrington, shook his head in disgust.  We can't have a Slytherin champion!  And all the Hufflepuffs are talking about Diggory, said Seamus contemptuously. But I wouldn't have thought he'd have wanted to risk his good looks.  Listen! said Hermione suddenly.  People were cheering out in the entrance hall. They all swiveled around in their seats  and saw Angelina Johnson coming into the Hall, grinning in an embarrassed sort of way. A tall black girl who played Chaser on the Gryffindor Quidditch team, Angelina came over to them, sat down, and said, Well, I've done it! Just put my name in!  You're kidding! said Ron, looking impressed.  Are you seventeen, then? asked Harry.  Course she is, can't see a beard, can you? said Ron.  I had my birthday last week, said Angelina.  Well, I'm glad someone from Gryffindor's entering, said Hermione. I really hope you get it, Angelina!  Thanks, Hermione, said Angelina, smiling at her.  Yeah, better you than Pretty-Boy Diggory, said Seamus, causing several Hufflepuffs passing their table to scowl heavily at him.  What're we going to do today, then? Ron asked Harry and Hermione when they had finished breakfast and were leaving the Great Hall.  We haven't been down to visit Hagrid yet, said Harry.  Okay, said Ron, just as long as he doesn't ask us to donate a few fingers to the skrewts.  A look of great excitement suddenly dawned on Hermione's face.  I've just realized - I haven't asked Hagrid to join S.P.E.W. yet! she said brightly.  Wait for me, will you, while I nip upstairs and get the badges?  What is it with her? said Ron, exasperated, as Hermione ran away up the marble staircase.  Hey, Ron, said Harry suddenly. It's your friend. . .  The students from Beauxbatons were coming through the front doors from the grounds, among them, the veela-girl. Those gathered around the Goblet of Fire stood back to let them pass, watching eagerly.  Madame Maxime entered the hall behind her students and organized them into a line. One by one, the Beauxbatons students stepped across the Age Line and dropped their slips of parchment into the blue-white flames. As each name entered the fire, it turned briefly red and emitted sparks.  What d'you reckon'll happen to the ones who aren't chosen? Ron muttered to Harry as the veela-girl dropped her parchment into the Goblet of Fire. Reckon they'll go back to school, or hang around to watch the tournament?  Dunno, said Harry. Hang around, I suppose... . Madame Maxime's staying to judge, isn't she?  When all the Beauxbatons students had submitted their names, Madame Maxime led them back out of the hall and out onto the grounds again.  Where are they sleeping, then? said Ron, moving toward the front doors and staring after them.  A loud rattling noise behind them announced Hermione's reappearance with the box of S. P.  E.W. badges.  Oh good, hurry up, said Ron, and he jumped down the stone steps, keeping his eyes on the back of the veela-girl, who was now halfway across the lawn with Madame Maxime.  As they neared Hagrid's cabin on the edge of the Forbidden Forest, the mystery of the Beauxbatons' sleeping quarters was solved. The gigantic powder-blue carriage in which they had arrived had been parked two hundred yards from Hagrid's front door, and the students were climbing back inside it. The elephantine flying horses that had pulled the carriage were now grazing in a makeshift paddock alongside it.  Harry knocked on Hagrid's door, and Fang's booming barks answered instantly.  Bout time! said Hagrid, when he'd flung open the door. Thought you lot'd forgotten where I live!  We've been really busy, Hag - Hermione started to say, but then she stopped dead, looking up at Hagrid, apparently lost for words.  Hagrid was wearing his best (and very horrible) hairy brown suit, plus a checked yellow-and-orange tie. This wasn't the worst of it, though	 he had evidently tried to tame his hair, using large quantities of what appeared to be axle grease. It was now slicked down into two bunches - perhaps he had tried a ponytail like Bill's, but found he had too much hair. The look didn't really suit Hagrid at all. For a moment, Hermione goggled at him, then, obviously deciding not to comment, she said, Erm - where are the skrewts.  Out by the pumpkin patch, said Hagrid happily. They're get-tin' massive, mus' be  nearly three foot long now. On'y trouble is, they've started killin' each other.  Oh no, really? said Hermione, shooting a repressive look at Ron, who, staring at Hagrid's odd hairstyle, had just opened his mouth to say something about it.  Yeah, said Hagrid sadly. S' okay, though, I've got 'em in separate boxes now. Still got abou' twenty.  Well, that's lucky, said Ron. Hagrid missed the sarcasm.  Hagrid's cabin comprised a single room, in one corner of which was a gigantic bed covered in a patchwork quilt. A similarly enormous wooden table and chairs stood in front of the fire beneath the quantity of cured hams and dead birds hanging from the ceiling. They sat down at the table while Hagrid started to make tea, and were soon immersed in yet more discussion of the Triwizard Tournament. Hagrid seemed quite as excited about it as they were.  You wait, he said, grinning. You jus' wait. Yer going ter see some stuff yeh've never seen before. Firs' task. . . ah, but I'm not supposed ter say.  Go on, Hagrid! Harry, Ron, and Hermione urged him, but he just shook his head, grinning.  I don' want ter spoil it fer yeh, said Hagrid. But it's gonna be spectacular, I'll tell yeh that. Them champions're going ter have their work cut out. Never thought I'd live ter see the Triwizard Tournament played again!  They ended up having lunch with Hagrid, though they didn't eat much - Hagrid had made what he said was a beef casserole, but after Hermione unearthed a large talon in hers, she, Harry, and Ron rather lost their appetites. However, they enjoyed themselves trying to make Hagrid tell them what the tasks in the tournament were going to be, speculating which of the entrants were likely to be selected as champions, and wondering whether Fred and George were beardless yet.  A light rain had started to fall by midafternoon	 it was very cozy sitting by the fire, listening to the gentle patter of the drops on the window, watching Hagrid darning his socks and arguing with Hermione about house-elves - for he flatly refused to join S.P.E.W. when she showed him her badges.  It'd be doin' 'em an unkindness, Hermione, he said gravely, threading a massive bone needle with thick yellow yarn. It's in their nature ter look after humans, that's what they like, see? Yeh'd be makin' 'em unhappy ter take away their work, an' insutin' 'em if yeh tried ter pay 'em.  But Harry set Dobby free, and he was over the moon about it! said Hermione. And we heard he's asking for wages now!  Yeah, well, yeh get weirdos in every breed. I'm not sayin' there isn't the odd elf who'd take freedom, but yeh'll never persuade most of 'em ter do it - no, nothin' doin', Hermione.  Hermione looked very cross indeed and stuffed her box of badges back into her cloak pocket.  By half past five it was growing dark, and Ron, Harry, and Hermione decided it was time to get back up to the castle for the Halloween feast - and, more important, the announcement of the school champions.  I'll come with yeh, said Hagrid, putting away his darning. Jus' give us a sec.  Hagrid got up, went across to the chest of drawers beside his bed, and began searching for something inside it. They didn't pay too much attention until a truly horrible smell reached their nostrils. Coughing, Ron said, Hagrid, what's that?  Eh? said Hagrid, turning around with a large bottle in his hand. Don' yeh like it?  Is that aftershave? said Hermione in a slightly choked voice.  Er - eau de cologne, Hagrid muttered. He was blushing.  Maybe it's a bit much, he said gruffly. I'll go take it off, hang on...  He stumped out of the cabin, and they saw him washing himself vigorously in the water barrel outside the window.  Eau de cologne? said Hermione in amazement. Hagrid?  And what's with the hair and the suit? said Harry in an undertone.  Look! said Ron suddenly, pointing out of the window. Hagrid had just straightened up and turned 'round. If he had been blushing before, it was nothing to what he was doing now. Getting to their feet very cautiously, so that Hagrid wouldn't spot them, Harry, Ron, and Hermione peered through the window and saw that Madame Maxime and the Beauxbatons students had just emerged from their carriage, clearly about to set off for the feast too. They couldn't hear what Hagrid was saying, but he was talking to Madame  Maxime with a rapt, misty-eyed expression Harry had only ever seen him wear once before -when he had been looking at the baby dragon, Norbert.  He's going up to the castle with her! said Hermione indignantly. I thought he was waiting for us!  Without so much as a backward glance at his cabin, Hagrid was trudging off up the grounds with Madame Maxime, the Beaux-batons students following in their wake, jogging to keep up with their enormous strides.  He fancies her! said Ron incredulously. Well, if they end up having children, they'll be setting a world record - bet any baby of theirs would weigh about a ton.  They let themselves out of the cabin and shut the door behind them. It was surprisingly dark outside. Drawing their cloaks more closely around themselves, they set off up the sloping lawns.  Ooh it's them, look! Hermione whispered.  The Durmstrang party was walking up toward the castle from the lake. Viktor Krum was walking side by side with Karkaroff, and the other Durmstrang students were straggling along behind them. Ron watched Krum excitedly, but Krum did not look around as he reached the front doors a little ahead of Hermione, Ron, and Harry and proceeded through them.  When they entered the candlelit Great Hall it was almost full. The Goblet of Fire had been moved	 it was now standing in front of Dumbledore's empty chair at the teachers' table. Fred and George - clean-shaven again - seemed to have taken their disappointment fairly well.  Hope it's Angelina, said Fred as Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat down.  So do I! said Hermione breathlessly. Well, we'll soon know!  The Halloween feast seemed to take much longer than usual. Perhaps because it was their second feast in two days, Harry didn't seem to fancy the extravagantly prepared food as much as he would have normally. Like everyone else in the Hall, judging by the constantly craning necks, the impatient expressions on every face, the fidgeting, and the standing up to see whether Dumbledore had finished eating yet, Harry simply wanted the plates to clear, and to hear who had been selected as champions.  At long last, the golden plates returned to their original spotless state	 there was a sharp upswing in the level of noise within the Hall, which died away almost instantly as Dumbledore got to his feet. On either side of him, Professor Karkaroff and Madame Maxime looked as tense and expectant as anyone. Ludo Bagman was beaming and winking at various students. Mr. Crouch, however, looked quite uninterested, almost bored.  Well, the goblet is almost ready to make its decision, said Dumbledore. I estimate that it requires one more minute. Now, when the champions' names are called, I would ask them please to come up to the top of the Hall, walk along the staff table, and go through into the next chamber - he indicated the door behind the staff table - where they will be receiving their first instructions.  He took out his wand and gave a great sweeping wave with it	 at once, all the candles except those inside the carved pumpkins were extinguished, plunging them into a state of semidarkness. The Goblet of Fire now shone more brightly than anything in the whole Hall, the sparkling bright, bluey-whiteness of the flames almost painful on the eyes.  Everyone watched, waiting. . . . A few people kept checking their watches. . .  Any second, Lee Jordan whispered, two seats away from Harry.  The flames inside the goblet turned suddenly red again. Sparks began to fly from it.  Next moment, a tongue of flame shot into the air, a charred piece of parchment fluttered out of it - the whole room gasped.  Dumbledore caught the piece of parchment and held it at arm's length, so that he could read it by the light of the flames, which had turned back to blue-white.  The champion for Durmstrang, he read, in a strong, clear voice, will be Viktor Krum.  No surprises there! yelled Ron as a storm of applause and cheering swept the Hall.  Harry saw Viktor Krum rise from the Slytherin table and slouch up toward Dumbledore	 he turned right, walked along the staff table, and disappeared through the door into the next chamber.  Bravo, Viktor! boomed Karkaroff, so loudly that everyone could hear him, even over all the applause. Knew you had it in you!  The clapping and chatting died down. Now everyone's attention was focused again on the goblet, which, seconds later, turned red once more. A second piece of parchment shot out of it, propelled by the flames.  The champion for Beauxbatons, said Dumbledore, is Fleur Delacour!  It's her, Ron! Harry shouted as the girl who so resembled a veela got gracefully to her feet, shook back her sheet of silvery blonde hair, and swept up between the Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff tables.  Oh look, they're all disappointed, Hermione said over the noise, nodding toward the remainder of the Beauxbatons party. Disappointed was a bit of an understatement, Harry thought. Two of the girls who had not been selected had dissolved into tears and were sobbing with their heads on their arms.  When Fleur Delacour too had vanished into the side chamber, silence fell again, but this time it was a silence so stiff with excitement you could almost taste it. The Hogwarts champion next...  And the Goblet of Fire turned red once more	 sparks showered out of it
Goblet of Fire=  Harry sat there, aware that every head in the Great Hall had turned to look at him. He was stunned. He felt numb. He was surely dreaming. He had not heard correctly.  There was no applause. A buzzing, as though of angry bees, was starting to fill the Hall	 some students were standing up to get a better look at Harry as he sat, frozen, in his seat.  Up at the top table, Professor McGonagall had got to her feet and swept past Ludo Bagman and Professor Karkaroff to whisper urgently to Professor Dumbledore, who bent his ear toward her, frowning slightly.  Harry turned to Ron and Hermione	 beyond them, he saw the long Gryffindor table all watching him, openmouthed.  I didn't put my name in, Harry said blankly. You know I didn't.  Both of them stared just as blankly back.  At the top table, Professor Dumbledore had straightened up, nodding to Professor McGonagall.  Harry Potter! he called again. Harry! Up here, if you please!  Go on, Hermione whispered, giving Harry a slight push.  Harry got to his feet, trod on the hem of his robes, and stumbled slightly. He set off up the gap between the Gryffindor and Hufflepuff tables. It felt like an immensely long walk	 the top table didn't seem to be getting any nearer at all, and he could feel hundreds and hundreds of eyes upon him, as though each were a searchlight. The buzzing grew louder and louder. After what seemed like an hour, he was right in front of Dumbledore, feeling the stares of all the teachers upon him.  Well.. . through the door, Harry, said Dumbledore. He wasn't smiling.  Harry moved off along the teachers' table. Hagrid was seated right at  the end. He did not wink at Harry, or wave, or give any of his usual signs of greeting.  He looked completely astonished and stared at Harry as he passed like everyone else.  Harry went through the door out of the Great Hall and found himself in a smaller room, lined with paintings of witches and wizards. A handsome fire was roaring in the fireplace opposite him.  The faces in the portraits turned to look at him as he entered. He saw a wizened witch flit out of the frame of her picture and into the one next to it, which contained a wizard with a walrus mustache. The wizened witch started whispering in his ear.  Viktor Krum, Cedric Diggory, and Fleur Delacour were grouped around the fire. They looked strangely impressive, silhouetted against the flames. Krum, hunched-up and brooding, was leaning against the mantelpiece, slightly apart from the other two. Cedric was standing with his hands behind his back, staring into the fire. Fleur Delacour looked around when Harry walked in and threw back her sheet of long, silvery hair.  What is it? she said. Do zey want us back in ze Hall?  She thought he had come to deliver a message. Harry didn't know how to explain what had just happened. He just stood there, looking at the three champions. It struck him how very tall all of them were.  There was a sound of scurrying feet behind him, and Ludo Bagman entered the room. He took Harry by the arm and led him forward.  Extraordinary! he muttered, squeezing Harry's arm. Absolutely extraordinary!  Gentlemen. . . lady, he added, approaching the fireside and addressing the other three.  May I introduce - incredible though it may seem - the fourth Triwizard champion?  Viktor Krum straightened up. His surly face darkened as he surveyed Harry. Cedric looked nonplussed. He looked from Bagman to Harry and back again as though sure he must have misheard what Bagman had said. Fleur Delacour, however, tossed her hair, smiling, and said, Oh, vairy funny joke, Meester Bagman.  Joke? Bagman repeated, bewildered. No, no, not at all! Harry's name just came out of the Goblet of Fire!  Krum's thick eyebrows contracted slightly. Cedric was still looking politely bewildered.  Fleur frowned.  But evidently zair 'as been a mistake, she said contemptuously to Bagman. E cannot compete. 'E is too young.  Well. . . it is amazing, said Bagman, rubbing his smooth chin and smiling down at Harry. But, as you know, the age restriction was only imposed this year as an extra safety measure. And as his name's come out of the goblet.. . I mean, I don't think there can be any ducking out at this stage. . . . It's down in the rules, you're obliged. . .  Harry will just have to do the best he --  The door behind them opened again, and a large group of people came in: Professor Dumbledore, followed closely by Mr. Crouch, Professor Karkaroff, Madame Maxime, Professor McGonagall, and Professor Snape. Harry heard the buzzing of the hundreds of students on the other side of the wall, before Professor McGonagall closed the door.  Madame Maxime! said Fleur at once, striding over to her headmistress. Zey are saying zat zis little boy is to compete also!  Somewhere under Harry's numb disbelief he felt a ripple of anger. Little boy?  Madame Maxime had drawn herself up to her full, and considerable, height. The top of her handsome head brushed the candle-filled chandelier, and her gigantic black-satin bosom swelled.  What is ze meaning of zis, Dumbly-dorr? she said imperiously. I'd rather like to know that myself, Dumbledore, said Professor Karkaroff. He was wearing a steely smile, and his blue eyes were like chips of ice. Two Hogwarts champions? I don't remember anyone telling me the host school is allowed two champions - or have I not read the rules carefully enough?  He gave a short and nasty laugh.  C'est impossible, said Madame Maxime, whose enormous hand with its many superb opals was resting upon Fleur's shoulder. Ogwarts cannot 'ave two champions. It is most injust.  We were under the impression that your Age Line would keep out younger contestants, Dumbledore, said Karkaroff, his steely smile still in place, though his eyes were colder than ever. Otherwise, we would, of course, have brought along a wider selection of candidates from our own schools.  It's no one's fault but Potter's, Karkaroff, said Snape softly. His black eyes were alight with malice. Don't go blaming Dumbledore for Potter's determination to break rules. He has been crossing lines ever since he arrived here -  Thank you, Severus, said Dumbledore firmly, and Snape went quiet, though his eyes still glinted malevolently through his curtain of greasy black hair.  Professor Dumbledore was now looking down at Harry, who looked right back at him, trying to discern the expression of the eyes behind the half-moon spectacles.  Did you put your name into the Goblet of Fire, Harry? he asked calmly.  No, said Harry. He was very aware of everybody watching him closely. Snape made a soft noise of impatient disbelief in the shadows.  Did you ask an older student to put it into the Goblet of Fire for you? said Professor Dumbledore, ignoring Snape.  No, said Harry vehemently.  Ah, but of course 'e is lying! cried Madame Maxime. Snape was now shaking his head, his lip curling.  He could not have crossed the Age Line, said Professor McGonagall sharply. I am sure we are all agreed on that -  Dumbly-dorr must 'ave made a mistake wiz ze line, said Madame Maxime, shrugging.  It is possible, of course, said Dumbledore politely.  Dumbledore, you know perfectly well you did not make a mistake! said Professor McGonagall angrily. Really, what nonsense! Harry could not have crossed the line himself, and as Professor Dumbledore believes that he did not persuade an older student to do it for him, I'm sure that should be good enough for everybody else!  She shot a very angry look at Professor Snape.  Mr. Crouch.. . Mr. Bagman, said Karkaroff, his voice unctuous once more, you are our -er - objective judges. Surely you will agree that this is most irregular?  Bagman wiped his round, boyish face with his handkerchief and looked at Mr. Crouch, who was standing outside the circle of the firelight, his face half hidden in shadow. He looked slightly eerie, the half darkness making him look much older, giving him an almost skull-like appearance. When he spoke, however, it was in his usual curt voice.  We must follow the rules, and the rules state clearly that those people whose names come out of the Goblet of Fire are bound to compete in the tournament.  Well, Barty knows the rule book back to front, said Bagman, beaming and turning back to Karkaroff and Madame Maxime, as though the matter was now closed.  I insist upon resubmitting the names of the rest of my students, said Karkaroff. He had dropped his unctuous tone and his smile now. His face wore a very ugly look indeed.  You will set up the Goblet of Fire once more, and we will continue adding names until each school has two champions. It's only fair, Dumbledore.  But Karkaroff, it doesn't work like that, said Bagman. The Goblet of Fire's just gone out - it won't reignite until the start of the next tournament -  - in which Durmstrang will most certainly not be competing! exploded Karkaroff. After all our meetings and negotiations and compromises, I little expected something of this nature to occur! I have half a mind to leave now!  Empty threat, Karkaroff, growled a voice from near the door. You can't leave your champion now. He's got to compete. They've all got to compete. Binding magical contract, like Dumbledore said. Convenient, eh?  Moody had just entered the room. He limped toward the fire, and with every right step he took, there was a loud clunk.  Convenient? said Karkaroff. I'm afraid I don't understand you, Moody.  Harry could tell he was trying to sound disdainful, as though what Moody was saying was barely worth his notice, but his hands gave him away	 they had balled themselves into fists.  Don't you? said Moody quietly. It's very simple, Karkaroff. Someone put Potter's name in that goblet knowing he'd have to compete if it came out.  Evidently, someone 'oo wished to give 'Ogwarts two bites at ze apple! said Madame Maxime.  I quite agree, Madame Maxime, said Karkaroff, bowing to her. I shall be lodging complaints with the Ministry of Magic and the International Confederation of Wizards -  If anyone's got reason to complain, it's Potter, growled Moody, but. . . funny thing.  . . I don't hear him saying a word. . .  Why should 'e complain? burst out Fleur Delacour, stamping her foot. E 'as ze chance  to compete, 'asn't 'e? We 'ave all been 'oping to be chosen for weeks and weeks! Ze honor for our schools! A thousand Galleons in prize money - zis is a chance many would die for!  Maybe someone's hoping Potter is going to die for it, said Moody, with the merest trace of a growl.  An extremely tense silence followed these words. Ludo Bagman, who was looking very anxious indeed, bounced nervously up and down on his feet and said, Moody, old man. . .  what a thing to say!  We all know Professor Moody considers the morning wasted if he hasn't discovered six plots to murder him before lunchtime, said Karkaroff loudly. Apparently he is now teaching his students to fear assassination too. An odd quality in a Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, Dumbledore, but no doubt you had your reasons.  Imagining things, am I? growled Moody. Seeing things, eh? It was a skilled witch or wizard who put the boy's name in that goblet. . .  Ah, what evidence is zere of zat? said Madame Maxime, throwing up her huge hands.  Because they hoodwinked a very powerful magical object! said Moody. It would have needed an exceptionally strong Confundus Charm to bamboozle that goblet into forgetting that only three schools compete in the tournament.. . . I'm guessing they submitted Potter's name under a fourth school, to make sure he was the only one in his category.. .  .  You seem to have given this a great deal of thought, Moody, said Karkaroff coldly, and a very ingenious theory it is - though of course, I heard you recently got it into your head that one of your birthday presents contained a cunningly disguised basilisk egg, and smashed it to pieces before realizing it was a carriage clock. So you'll understand if we don't take you entirely seriously. . . .  There are those who'll turn innocent occasions to their advantage, Moody retorted in a menacing voice. It's my job to think the way Dark wizards do, Karkaroff - as you ought to remember...  Alastor! said Dumbledore warningly. Harry wondered for a moment whom he was speaking to, but then realized Mad-Eye could hardly be Moody's real first name. Moody fell silent, though still surveying Karkaroff with satisfaction - Karkaroff's face was burning.  How this situation arose, we do not know, said Dumbledore, speaking to everyone gathered in the room. It seems to me, however, that we have no choice but to accept it.  Both Cedric and Harry have been chosen to compete in the Tournament. This, therefore, they will do. . .  Ah, but Dumbly-dorr -  My dear Madame Maxime, if you have an alternative, I would be delighted to hear it.  Dumbledore waited, but Madame Maxime did not speak, she merely glared. She wasn't the only one either. Snape looked furious	 Karkaroff livid	 Bagman, however, looked rather excited.  Well, shall we crack on, then? he said, rubbing his hands together and smiling around the room. Got to give our champions their instructions, haven't we? Barty, want to do the honors?  Mr. Crouch seemed to come out of a deep reverie.  Yes, he said, instructions. Yes . . . the first task . . .  He moved forward into the firelight. Close up, Harry thought he looked ill. There were dark shadows beneath his eyes and a thin, papery look about his wrinkled skin that had not been there at the Quidditch World Cup.  The first task is designed to test your daring, he told Harry, Cedric, Fleur, and Viktor, so we are not going to be telling you what it is. Courage in the face of the unknown is an important quality in a wizard. . . very important.  The first task will take place on November the twenty-fourth, in front of the other students and the panel of judges.  The champions are not permitted to ask for or accept help of any kind from their teachers to complete the tasks in the tournament. The champions will face the first challenge armed only with their wands. They will receive information about the second task when the first is over. Owing to the demanding and time-consuming nature of the tournament, the champions are exempted from end-of-year tests.  Mr. Crouch turned to look at Dumbledore.  I think that's all, is it, Albus?  I think so, said Dumbledore, who was looking at Mr. Crouch with mild concern. Are you sure you wouldn't like to stay at Hogwarts tonight, Barty?  No, Dumbledore, I must get back to the Ministry, said Mr. Crouch. It is a very busy, very difficult time at the moment.... I've left young Weatherby in charge.. . . Very enthusiastic. . . a little overenthusiastic, if truth be told. . .  You'll come and have a drink before you go, at least? said Dumbledore.  Come on, Barry, I'm staying! said Bagman brightly. It's all happening at Hogwarts now, you know, much more exciting here than at the office!  I think not, Ludo, said Crouch with a touch of his old impatience.  Professor Karkaroff - Madame Maxime - a nightcap? said Dumbledore.  But Madame Maxime had already put her arm around Fleur's shoulders and was leading her swiftly out of the room. Harry could hear them both talking very fast in French as they went off into the Great Hall. Karkaroff beckoned to Krum, and they, too, exited, though in silence.  Harry, Cedric, I suggest you go up to bed, said Dumbledore, smiling at both of them. I am sure Gryffindor and Hufflepuff are waiting to celebrate with you, and it would be a shame to deprive them of this excellent excuse to make a great deal of mess and noise.  Harry glanced at Cedric, who nodded, and they left together.  The Great Hall was deserted now	 the candles had burned low, giving the jagged smiles of the pumpkins an eerie, flickering quality.  So, said Cedric, with a slight smile. We're playing against each other again!  I s'pose, said Harry. He really couldn't think of anything to say. The inside of his head seemed to be in complete disarray, as though his brain had been ransacked.  So. . . tell me. . . said Cedric as they reached the entrance hall, which was now lit only by torches in the absence of the Goblet of Fire. How did you get your name in?  I didn't, said Harry, staring up at him. I didn't put it in. I was telling the truth.  Ah. . . okay, said Cedric. Harry could tell Cedric didn't believe him. Well . . .  see you, then.  Instead of going up the marble staircase, Cedric headed for a door to its right. Harry stood listening to him going down the stone steps beyond it, then, slowly, he started to climb the marble ones.  Was anyone except Ron and Hermione going to believe him, or would they all think he'd put himself in for the tournament? Yet how could anyone think that, when he was facing competitors who'd had three years' more magical education than he had - when he was now facing tasks that not only sounded very dangerous, but which were to be performed in front of hundreds of people? Yes, he'd thought about it. . . he'd fantasized about it..  . but it had been a joke, really, an idle sort of dream. . . he'd never really, seriously considered entering. .  But someone else had considered it. . . someone else had wanted him in the tournament, and had made sure he was entered. Why? To give him a treat? He didn't think so, somehow...  To see him make a fool of himself? Well, they were likely to get their wish. .  But to get him killed?  Was Moody just being his usual paranoid self? Couldn't someone have put Harry's name in the goblet as a trick, a practical joke? Did anyone really want him dead?  Harry was able to answer that at once. Yes, someone wanted him dead, someone had wanted him dead ever since he had been a year old. . . Lord Voldemort. But how could Voldemort have ensured that Harry's name got into the Goblet of Fire? Voldemort was supposed to be far away, in some distant country, in hiding, alone. . . feeble and powerless....  Yet in that dream he had had, just before he had awoken with his scar hurting, Voldemort had not been alone. . . he had been talking to Wormtail.. . plotting Harry's murder.  Harry got a shock to find himself facing the Fat Lady already. He had barely noticed where his feet were carrying him. It was also a surprise to see that she was not alone in her frame. The wizened witch who had flitted into her neighbor's painting when he had joined the champions downstairs was now sitting smugly beside the Fat Lady. She must have dashed through every picture lining seven staircases to reach here before him. Both she and the Fat Lady were looking down at him with the keenest interest.  Well, well, well, said the Fat Lady, Violet's just told me everything. Who's just been chosen as school champion, then?  Balderdash, said Harry dully.  It most certainly isn't! said the pale witch indignantly.  No, no, Vi, it's the password, said the Fat Lady soothingly, and she swung forward on her hinges to let Harry into the common room.  The blast of noise that met Harry's ears when the portrait opened almost knocked him backward. Next thing he knew, he was being wrenched inside the common room by about a dozen pairs of hands, and was facing the whole of Gryffindor House, all of whom were screaming, applauding, and whistling.  You should've told us you'd entered! bellowed Fred	 he looked half annoyed, half deeply impressed.  How did you do it without getting a beard? Brilliant! roared George.  I didn't, Harry said. I don't know how -  But Angelina had now swooped down upon him	 Oh if it couldn't be me, at least it's a Gryffindor -  You'll be able to pay back Diggory for that last Quidditch match, Harry! shrieked Katie Bell, another of the Gryffindor Chasers.  We've got food, Harry, come and have some -  I'm not hungry, I had enough at the feast -  But nobody wanted to hear that he wasn't hungry	 nobody wanted to hear that he hadn't put his name in the goblet	 not one single person seemed to have noticed that he wasn't at all in the mood to celebrate. . . . Lee Jordan had unearthed a Gryffindor banner from somewhere, and he insisted on draping it around Harry like a cloak. Harry couldn't get away	 whenever he tried to sidle over to the staircase up to the dormitories, the crowd around him closed ranks, forcing another butterbeer on him, stuffing crisps and peanuts into his hands. . . . Everyone wanted to know how he had done it, how he had tricked Dumbledore's Age Line and managed to get his name into the goblet....  I didn't, he said, over and over again, I don't know how it happened.  But for all the notice anyone took, he might just as well not have answered at all.  I'm tired! he bellowed finally, after nearly half an hour. No, seriously, George -I'm going to bed -  He wanted more than anything to find Ron and Hermione, to find a bit of sanity, but neither of them seemed to be in the common room. Insisting that he needed to sleep, and almost flattening the little Creevey brothers as they attempted to waylay him at the foot of the stairs, Harry managed to shake everyone off and climb up to the dormitory as fast as he could.  To his great relief, he found Ron was lying on his bed in the otherwise empty dormitory, still fully dressed. He looked up when Harry slammed the door behind him.  Where've you been? Harry said.  Oh hello, said Ron.  He was grinning, but it was a very odd, strained sort of grin. Harry suddenly became aware that he was still wearing the scarlet Gryffindor banner that Lee had tied around him. He hastened to take it off, but it was knotted very tightly. Ron lay on the bed without moving, watching Harry struggle to remove it.  So, he said, when Harry had finally removed the banner and thrown it into a corner.  Congratulations.  What d'you mean, congratulations? said Harry, staring at Ron. There was definitely something wrong with the way Ron was smiling: It was more like a grimace.  Well. . . no one else got across the Age Line, said Ron. Not even Fred and George.  What did you use - the Invisibility Cloak?  The Invisibility Cloak wouldn't have got me over that line, said Harry slowly.  Oh right, said Ron. I thought you might've told me if it was the cloak. . . because it would've covered both of us, wouldn't it? But you found another way, did you?  Listen, said Harry, I didn't put my name in that goblet. Someone else must've done it.  Ron raised his eyebrows.  What would they do that for?  I dunno, said Harry. He felt it would sound very melodramatic to say, To kill me.  Ron's eyebrows rose so high that they were in danger of disappearing into his hair.  It's okay, you know, you can tell me the truth, he said. If you don't want everyone else to know, fine, but I don't know why you're bothering to lie, you didn't get into trouble for it, did you? That friend of the Fat Lady's, that Violet, she's already told us all Dumbledore's letting you enter. A thousand Galleons prize money, eh? And you don't have to do end-of-year tests either. . .  I didn't put my name in that goblet! said Harry, starting to feel angry.  Yeah, okay, said Ron, in exactly the same sceptical tone as Cedric. Only you said this morning you'd have done it last night, and no one would've seen you.. . . I'm not stupid, you know.  You're doing a really good impression of it, Harry snapped.  Yeah? said Ron, and there was no trace of a grin, forced or otherwise, on his face now.  You want to get to bed, Harry. I expect you'll need to be up early tomorrow for a photo-call or something.  He wrenched the hangings shut around his four-poster, leaving Harry standing there by the door, staring at the dark red velvet curtains, now hiding one of the few people he had been sure would believe him.,75,Goblet of Fire,17	
Goblet of Fire=  When Harry woke up on Sunday morning, it took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and worried. Then the memory of the previous night rolled over him. He sat up and ripped back the curtains of his own four-poster, intending to talk to Ron, to force Ron to believe him - only to find that Ron's bed was empty	 he had obviously gone down to breakfast.  Harry dressed and went down the spiral staircase into the common room.  The moment he appeared, the people who had already finished breakfast broke into applause again. The prospect of going down into the Great Hall and facing the rest of the Gryffindors, all treating him like some sort of hero, was not inviting	 it was that, however, or stay here and allow himself to be cornered by the Creevey brothers, who were both beckoning frantically to him to join them. He walked resolutely over to the portrait hole, pushed it open, climbed out of it, and found himself face-to-face with Hermione.  Hello, she said, holding up a stack of toast, which she was carrying in a napkin. I brought you this. . . . Want to go for a walk?  Good idea, said Harry gratefully.  They went downstairs, crossed the entrance hall quickly without looking in at the Great Hall, and were soon striding across the lawn toward the lake, where the Durmstrang ship was moored, reflected blackly in the water. It was a chilly morning, and they kept moving, munching their toast, as Harry told Hermione exactly what had happened after he had left the Gryffindor table the night before. To his immense relief, Hermione accepted his story without question.  Well, of course I knew you hadn't entered yourself, she said when he'd finished telling her about the scene in the chamber off the Hall. The look on your face when Dumbledore read out your name! But the question is, who did put it in? Because Moody's right, Harry... I don't think any student could have done it. . . they'd never be able to fool the Goblet, or get over Dumbledore's -  Have you seen Ron? Harry interrupted.  Hermione hesitated.  Erm. . . yes. . . he was at breakfast, she said.  Does he still think I entered myself?  Well. . . no, I don't think so . . . not really, said Hermione awkwardly.  What's that supposed to mean, 'not really'?  Oh Harry, isn't it obvious? Hermione said despairingly. He's jealous!  Jealous? Harry said incredulously. Jealous of what? He wants to make a prat of himself in front of the whole school, does he?  Look, said Hermione patiently, it's always you who gets all the attention, you know it is. I know it's not your fault, she added quickly, seeing Harry open his mouth furiously. I know you don't ask for it.. . but - well - you know, Ron's got all those brothers to compete against at home, and you're his best friend, and you're really famous - he's always shunted to one side whenever people see you, and he puts up with it, and he never mentions it, but I suppose this is just one time too many. . .  Great, said Harry bitterly. Really great. Tell him from me I'll swap any time he wants. Tell him from me he's welcome to it.... People gawping at my forehead everywhere I go. . .  I'm not teiling him anything, Hermione said shortly. Tell him yourself. It's the only way to sort this out.  I'm not running around after him trying to make him grow up! Harry said, so loudly  that several owls in a nearby tree took flight in alarm. Maybe he'll believe I'm not enjoying myself once I've got my neck broken or -  That's not funny, said Hermione quietly. That's not funny at all. She looked extremely anxious. Harry, I've been thinking - you know what we've got to do, don't you? Straight away, the moment we get back to the castle?  Yeah, give Ron a good kick up the -  Write to Sirius. You've got to tell him what's happened. He asked you to keep him posted on everything that's going on at Hogwarts. . . . It's almost as if he expected something like this to happen. I brought some parchment and a quill out with me -  Come off it, said Harry, looking around to check that they couldn't be overheard, but the grounds were quite deserted. He came back to the country just because my scar twinged. He'll probably come bursting right into the castle if I tell him someone's entered me in the Triwizard Tournament -  He'd want you to tell him, said Hermione sternly. He's going to find out anyway.  How?  Harry, this isn't going to be kept quiet, said Hermione, very seriously. This tournament's famous, and you're famous. I'll be really surprised if there isn't anything in the Daily Prophet about you competing. . . . You're already in half the books about You-Know-Who, you know.. . and Sirius would rather hear it from you, I know he would.  Okay, okay, I'll write to him, said Harry, throwing his last piece of toast into the lake. They both stood and watched it floating there for a moment, before a large tentacle rose out of the water and scooped it beneath the surface. Then they returned to the castle.  Whose owl am I going to use? Harry said as they climbed the stairs. He told me not to use Hedwig again.  Ask Ron if you can borrow -  I'm not asking Ron for anything, Harry said flatly.  Well, borrow one of the school owls, then, anyone can use them, said Hermione.  They went up to the Owlery. Hermione gave Harry a piece of parchment, a quill, and a bottle of ink, then strolled around the long lines of perches, looking at all the different owls, while Harry sat down against a wall and wrote his letter.  Dear Sirius, You told me to keep you posted on what's happening at Hogwarts, so here goes - I don't know if you've heard, but the Triwizard Tournament's happening this year and on Saturday night I got picked as a fourth champion. I don't who put my name in the Goblet of Fire, because I didn't. The other Hogwarts champion is Cedric Diggory, from Hufflepuff He paused at this point, thinking. He had an urge to say something about the large weight of anxiety that seemed to have settled inside his chest since last night, but he couldn't think how to translate this into words, so he simply dipped his quill back into the ink bottle and wrote, Hope you're okay, and Buckbeak - Harry Finished, he told Hermione, getting to his feet and brushing straw off his robes. At this, Hedwig fluttered down onto his shoulder and held out her leg.  I can't use you, Harry told her, looking around for the school owls.  I've got to use one of these.  Hedwig gave a very loud hoot and took off so suddenly that her talons cut into his shoulder. She kept her back to Harry all the time he was tying his letter to the leg of a large barn owl. When the barn owl had flown off, Harry reached out to stroke Hedwig, but she clicked her beak furiously and soared up into the rafters out of reach.  First Ron, then you, Harry said angrily. This isn't my fault.  If Harry had thought that matters would improve once everyone got used to the idea of him being champion, the following day showed him how mistaken he was. He could no longer avoid the rest of the school once he was back at lessons - and it was clear that the rest of the school, just like the Gryffindors, thought Harry had entered himself for the  tournament. Unlike the Gryffindors, however, they did not seem impressed.  The Hufflepuffs, who were usually on excellent terms with the Gryffindors, had turned remarkably cold toward the whole lot of them. One Herbology lesson was enough to demonstrate this. It was plain that the Hufflepuffs felt that Harry had stolen their champion's glory	 a feeling exacerbated, perhaps, by the fact that Hufflepuff House very rarely got any glory, and that Cedric was one of the few who had ever given them any, having beaten Gryffindor once at Quidditch. Ernie Macmillan and Justin FinchFletchley, with whom Harry normally got on very well, did not talk to him even though they were repotting Bouncing Bulbs at the same tray - though they did laugh rather unpleasantly when one of the Bouncing Bulbs wriggled free from Harry's grip and smacked him hard in the face. Ron wasn't talking to Harry either. Hermione sat between them, making very forced conversation, but though both answered her normally, they avoided making eye contact with each other. Harry thought even Professor Sprout seemed distant with him -but then, she was Head of Hufflepuff House.  He would have been looking forward to seeing Hagrid under normal circumstances, but Care of Magical Creatures meant seeing the Slytherins too - the first time he would come face-to-face with them since becoming champion.  Predictably, Malfoy arrived at Hagrid's cabin with his familiar sneer firmly in place.  Ah, look, boys, it's the champion, he said to Crabbe and Goyle the moment he got within earshot of Harry. Got your autograph books? Better get a signature now, because I doubt he's going to be around much longer. . . . Half the Triwizard champions have died..  . how long d'you reckon you're going to last, Potter? Ten minutes into the first task's my bet.  Crabbe and Goyle guffawed sycophantically, but Malfoy had to stop there, because Hagrid emerged from the back of his cabin balancing a teetering tower of crates, each containing a very large Blast-Ended Skrewt. To the class's horror, Hagrid proceeded to explain that the reason the skrewts had been killing one another was an excess of pent-up energy, and that the solution would be for each student to fix a leash on a skrewt and take it for a short walk. The only good thing about this plan was that it distracted Malfoy completely.  Take this thing for a walk? he repeated in disgust, staring into one of the boxes.  And where exactly are we supposed to fix the leash? Around the sting, the blasting end, or the sucker?  Roun' the middle, said Hagrid, demonstrating. Er - yeh might want ter put on yer dragon-hide gloves, jus' as an extra precaution, like. Harry - you come here an' help me with this big one....  Hagrid's real intention, however, was totalk to Harry away from the rest of the class. He waited until everyone else had set off with their skrewts, then turned to Harry and said, very seriously, So - yer competin', Harry. In the tournament. School champion.  One of the champions, Harry corrected him.  Hagrid's beetle-black eyes looked very anxious under his wild eyebrows.  No idea who put yeh in fer it, Harry?  You believe I didn't do it, then? said Harry, concealing with difficulty the rush of gratitude he felt at Hagrid's words.  Course I do, Hagrid grunted. Yeh say it wasn' you, an' I believe yeh - an' Dumbledore believes yer, an' all.  Wish I knew who did do it, said Harry bitterly.  The pair of them looked out over the lawn	 the class was widely scattered now, and all in great difficulty. The skrewts were now over three feet long, and extremely powerful. No longer shell-less and colorless, they had developed a kind of thick, grayish, shiny armor. They looked like a cross between giant scorpions and elongated crabs - but still without recognizable heads or eyes. They had become immensely strong and very hard to control.  Look like they're havin' fun, don' they? Hagrid said happily. Harry assumed he was talking about the skrewts, because his classmates certainly weren't	 every now and then, with an alarming bang, one of the skrewts' ends would explode, causing it to shoot forward several yards, and more than one person was being dragged along on their stomach, trying desperately to get back on their feet.  Ah, I don' know, Harry, Hagrid sighed suddenly, looking back down at him with a worried expression on his face. School champion. . . everythin' seems ter happen ter you, doesn' it?  Harry didn't answer. Yes, everything did seem to happen to him. . . that was more or less what Hermione had said as they had walked around the lake, and that was the reason, according to her, that Ron was no longer talking to him.  The next few days were some of Harry's worst at Hogwarts. The closest he had ever come to feeling like this had been during those months, in his second year, when a large part of the school had suspected him of attacking his fellow students. But Ron had been on his side then. He thought he could have coped with the rest of the school's behavior if he could just have had Ron back as a friend, but he wasn't going to try and persuade Ron to talk to him if Ron didn't want to. Nevertheless, it was lonely with dislike pouring in on him from all sides.  He could understand the Hufflepuffs' attitude, even if he didn't like it	 they had their own champion to support. He expected nothing less than vicious insults from the Slytherins - he was highly unpopular there and always had been, because he had helped Gryffindor beat them so often, both at Quidditch and in the Inter-House Championship.  But he had hoped the Ravenclaws might have found it in their hearts to support him as much as Cedric. He was wrong, however. Most Ravenclaws seemed to think that he had been desperate to earn himself a bit more fame by tricking the goblet into accepting his name.  Then there was the fact that Cedric looked the part of a champion so much more than he did. Exceptionally handsome, with his straight nose, dark hair, and gray eyes, it was hard to say who was receiving more admiration these days, Cedric or Viktor Krum. Harry actually saw the same sixth-year girls who had been so keen to get Krum's autograph begging Cedric to sign their school bags one lunchtime.  Meanwhile there was no reply from Sirius, Hedwig was refusing to come anywhere near him, Professor Trelawney was predicting his death with even more certainty than usual, and he did so badly at Summoning Charms in Professor Flitwick's class that he was given extra homework - the only person to get any, apart from Neville.  It's really not that difficult, Harry, Hermione tried to reassure him as they left Flitwick's class - she had been making objects zoom across the room to her all lesson, as though she were some sort of weird magnet for board dusters, wastepaper baskets, and lunascopes. You just weren't concentrating properly -  Wonder why that was, said Harry darkly as Cedric Diggory walked past, surrounded by a large group of simpering girls, all of whom looked at Harry as though he were a particularly large Blast-Ended Skrewt. Still - never mind, eh? Double Potions to look forward to this afternoon. . .  Double Potions was always a horrible experience, but these days it was nothing short of torture. Being shut in a dungeon for an hour and a half with Snape and the Slytherins, all of whom seemed determined to punish Harry as much as possible for daring to become school champion, was about the most unpleasant thing Harry could imagine. He had already struggled through one Friday's worth, with Hermione sitting next to him intoning ignore them, ignore them, ignore them under her breath, and he couldn't see why today should be any better.  When he and Hermione arrived at Snape's dungeon after lunch, they found the Slytherins waiting outside, each and every one of them wearing a large badge on the front of his or her robes. For one wild moment Harry thought they were S.P.E.W. badges - then he saw that they all bore the same message, in luminous red letters that burnt brightly in the dimly lit underground passage:  SUPPORT CEDRIC DIGGORY-- THE REAL HOGWARTS CHAMPION!  Like them, Potter? said Malfoy loudly as Harry approached. And this isn't all they do - look!  He pressed his badge into his chest, and the message upon it vanished, to be replaced by another one, which glowed green:  POTTER STINKS!  The Slytherins howled with laughter. Each of them pressed their badges too, until the message POTTER STINKS was shining brightly all around Harry. He felt the heat rise in his face and neck.  Oh very funny, Hermione said sarcastically to Pansy Parkinson and her gang of Slytherin girls, who were laughing harder than anyone, really witty.  Ron was standing against the wall with Dean and Seamus. He wasn't laughing, but he wasn't sticking up for Harry either.  Want one, Granger? said Malfoy, holding out a badge to Hermione. I've got loads. But don't touch my hand, now. I've just washed it, you see	 don't want a Mudblood sliming it up.  Some of the anger Harry had been feeling for days and days seemed to burst through a dam in his chest. He had reached for his wand before he'd thought what he was doing. People all around them scrambled out of the way, backing down the corridor.  Harry! Hermione said warningly.  Go on, then, Potter, Malfoy said quietly, drawing out his own wand. Moody's not here to look after you now - do it, if you've got the guts -  For a split second, they looked into each other's eyes, then, at exactly the same time, both acted.  Funnunculus! Harry yelled.  Densaugeo! screamed Malfoy.  Jets of light shot from both wands, hit each other in midair, and ricocheted off at angles -- Harry's hit Goyle in the face, and Malfoy's hit Hermione.  Goyle bellowed and put his hands to his nose, where great ugly boils were springing up -Hermione, whimpering in panic, was clutching her mouth.  Hermione!  Ron had hurried forward to see what was wrong with her	 Harry turned and saw Ron dragging Hermione's hand away from her face. It wasn't a pretty sight.  Hermione's front teeth - already larger than average - were now growing at an alarming rate	 she was looking more and more like a beaver as her teeth elongated, past her bottom lip, toward her chin - panic-stricken, she felt them and let out a terrified cry.  And what is all this noise about? said a soft, deadly voice.  Snape had arrived. The Slytherins clamored to give their explanations	 Snape pointed a long yellow finger at Malfoy and said, Explain.  Potter attacked me, sir -  We attacked each other at the same time! Harry shouted.  - and he hit Goyle - look -  Snape examined Goyle, whose face now resembled something that would have been at home in a book on poisonous fungi.  Hospital wing, Goyle, Snape said calmly.  Malfoy got Hermione! Ron said. Look!  He forced Hermione to show Snape her teeth - she was doing her best to hide them with her hands, though this was difficult as they had now grown down past her collar. Pansy Parkinson and the other Slytherin girls were doubled up with silent giggles, pointing at Hermione from behind Snape's back.  Snape looked coldly at Hermione, then said, I see no difference..  Hermione let out a whimper	 her eyes filled with tears, she turned on her heel and ran, ran all the way up the corridor and out of sight.  It was lucky, perhaps, that both Harry and Ron started shouting at Snape at the same time	 lucky their voices echoed so much in the stone corridor, for in the confused din, it was impossible for him to hear exactly what they were calling him. He got the gist, however.  Let's see, he said, in his silkiest voice. Fifty points from Gryffindor and a detention each for Potter and Weasley. Now get inside, or it'll be a week's worth of detentions.  Harry's ears were ringing. The injustice of it made him want to curse Snape into a thousand slimy pieces. He passed Snape, walked with Ron to the back of the dungeon, and slammed his bag down onto the table. Ron was shaking with anger too - for a moment, it felt as though everything was back to normal between them, but then Ron turned and sat down with Dean and Seamus instead, leaving Harry alone at his table. On the other side of the dungeon, Malfoy turned his back on Snape and pressed his badge, smirking. POTTER STINKS flashed once more across the room.  Harry sat there staring at Snape as the lesson began, picturing horrific things happening to him. . . . If only he knew how to do the Cruciatus Curse. . . he'd have Snape flat on his back like that spider, jerking and twitching.  Antidotes! said Snape, looking around at them all, his cold black eyes glittering unpleasantly. You should all have prepared your recipes now. I want you to brew them carefully, and then, we will be selecting someone on whom to test one. . .  Snape's eyes met Harry's, and Harry knew what was coming. Snape was going to poison him.  Harry imagined picking up his cauldron, and sprinting to the front of the class, and bringing it down on Snape's greasy head - And then a knock on the dungeon door burst in on Harry's thoughts.  It was Colin Creevey	 he edged into the room, beaming at Harry, and walked up to Snape's desk at the front of the room.  Yes? said Snape curtly.  Please, sir, I'm supposed to take Harry Potter upstairs. Snape stared down his hooked nose at Colin, whose smile faded from his eager face.  Potter has another hour of Potions to complete, said Snape coldly. He will come upstairs when this class is finished.  Colin went pink.  Sir - sir, Mr. Bagman wants him, he said nervously. All the champions have got to go, I think they want to take photographs. . .  Harry would have given anything he owned to have stopped Colin saying those last few words. He chanced half a glance at Ron, but Ron was staring determinedly at the ceiling.  Very well, very well, Snape snapped. Potter, leave your things here, I want you back down here later to test your antidote.  Please, sir - he's got to take his things with him, squeaked Cohn. All the champions...  Very well! said Snape. Potter - take your bag and get out of my sight!  Harry swung his bag over his shoulder, got up, and headed for the door. As he walked through the Slytherin desks, POTTER STINKS flashed at him from every direction.  It's amazing, isn't it, Harry? said Colin, starting to speak the moment Harry had closed the dungeon door behind him. Isn't it, though? You being champion?  Yeah, really amazing, said Harry heavily as they set off toward the steps into the entrance hall. What do they want photos for, Colin?  The Daily Prophet, I think!  Great, said Harry dully. Exactly what I need. More publicity.  Good luck! said Colin when they had reached the right room. Harry knocked on the door and entered.  He was in a fairly small classroom
Goblet of Fire=  The prospect of talking face-to-face with Sirius was all that sustained Harry over the next fortnight, the only bright spot on a horizon that had never looked darker. The shock of finding himself school champion had worn off slightly now, and the fear of what was facing him had started to sink in. The first task was drawing steadily nearer	 he felt as though it were crouching ahead of him hike some horrific monster, barring his path. He had never suffered nerves like these	 they were way beyond anything he had experienced before a Quidditch match, not even his last one against Slytherin, which had decided who would win the Quidditch Cup. Harry was finding it hard to think about the future at all	 he felt as though his whole life had been heading up to, and would finish with, the first task.  Admittedly, he didn't see how Sirius was going to make him feel any better about having to perform an unknown piece of difficult and dangerous magic in front of hundreds of people, but the mere sight of a friendly face would be something at the moment. Harry wrote back to Sirius saying that he would be beside the common room fire at the time Sirius had suggested	 and he and Hermione spent a long time going over plans for forcing any stragglers out of the common room on the night in question. If the worst came to the worst, they were going to drop a bag of Dungbombs, but they hoped they wouldn't have to resort to that - Filch would skin them alive.  In the meantime, life became even worse for Harry within the confines of the castle, for Rita Skeeter had published her piece about the Triwizard Tournament, and it had turned out to be not so much a report on the tournament as a highly colored life story of Harry.  Much of the front page had been given over to a picture of Harry	 the article (continuing on pages two, six, and seven) had been all about Harry, the names of the Beauxbatons and Durmstrang champions (misspelled) had been squashed into the last line of the article, and Cedric hadn't been mentioned at all.  The article had appeared ten days ago, and Harry still got a sick, burning feeling of shame in his stomach every time he thought about it. Rita Skeeter had reported him saying an awful lot of things that he couldn't remember ever saying in his life, let alone in that broom cupboard.  I suppose I get my strength from my parents. I know they'd be very proud of me if they could see me now. . . . Yes, sometimes at night I still cry about them, I'm not ashamed to admit it. . . . I know nothing will hurt me during the tournament, because they're watching over me. . .  But Rita Skeeter had gone even further than transforming his er's into long, sickly sentences: She had interviewed other people about him too.  Harry has at last found love at Hogwarts. His close friend, Colin Creevey, says that Harry is rarely seen out of the company of one Hermione Granger, a stunningly pretty Muggle-born girl who, like Harry, is one of the top students in the school.  From the moment the article had appeared, Harry had had to endure people --Slytherins, mainly -- quoting it at him as he passed and making sneering comments.  Want a hanky, Potter, in case you start crying in Transfiguration?  Since when have you been one of the top students in the school, Potter? Or is this a school you and Longbottom have set up together?  Hey - Harry!  Yeah, that's right! Harry found himself shouting as he wheeled around in the corridor, having had just about enough. I've just been crying my eyes out over my dead mum, and I'm just off to do a bit more. . .  No - it was just - you dropped your quill.  It was Cho. Harry felt the color rising in his face.  Oh - right - sorry, he muttered, taking the quill back.  Er. . . good luck on Tuesday, she said. I really hope you do well.  Which left Harry feeling extremely stupid.  Hermione had come in for her fair share of unpleasantness too, but she hadn't yet started yelling at innocent bystanders	 in fact, Harry was full of admiration for the way she was handling the situation.  Stunningly pretty? Her? Pansy Parkinson had shrieked the first time she had come face-to-face with Hermione after Rita's article had appeared. What was she judging against - a chipmunk?  Ignore it, Hermione said in a dignified voice, holding her head in the air and stalking past the sniggering Slytherin girls as though she couldn't hear them. Just ignore it, Harry.  But Harry couldn't ignore it. Ron hadn't spoken to him at all since he had told him about Snape's detentions. Harry had half hoped they would make things up during the two hours they were forced to pickle rats' brains in Snape's dungeon, but that had been the day Rita's article had appeared, which seemed to have confirmed Ron's belief that Harry was really enjoying all the attention.  Hermione was furious with the pair of them	 she went from one to the other, trying to force them to talk to each other, but Harry was adamant: He would talk to Ron again only if Ron admitted that Harry hadn't put his name in the Goblet of Fire and apologized for calling him a liar.  I didn't start this, Harry said stubbornly. It's his problem.  You miss him! Hermione said impatiently. And I know he misses you -  Miss him? said Harry. I don't miss him. . .  But this was a downright lie. Harry liked Hermione very much, but she just wasn't the same as Ron. There was much hess laughter and a lot more hanging around in the library when Hermione was your best friend. Harry still hadn't mastered Summoning Charms, he seemed to have developed something of a block about them, and Hermione insisted that learning the theory would help. They consequently spent a lot of time poring over books during their lunchtimes.  Viktor Krum was in the library an awful lot too, and Harry wondered what he was up to.  Was he studying, or was he looking for things to help him through the first task?  Hermione often complained about Krum being there - not that he ever bothered them - but because groups of giggling girls often turned up to spy on him from behind bookshelves, and Hermione found the noise distracting.  He's not even good-looking! she muttered angrily, glaring at Krum's sharp profile.  They only like him because he's famous! They wouldn't look twice at him if he couldn't do that WonkyFaint thing -  Wronski Feint, said Harry, through gritted teeth. Quite apart from liking to get Quidditch terms correct, it caused him another pang to imagine Ron's expression if he could have heard Hermione talking about Wonky-Faints.  It is a strange thing, but when you are dreading something, and would give anything to slow down time, it has a disobliging habit of speeding up. The days until the first task seemed to slip by as though someone had fixed the clocks to work at double speed.  Harry's feeling of barely controlled panic was with him wherever he went, as everpresent as the snide comments about the Daily Prophet article.  On the Saturday before the first task, all students in the third year and above were permitted to visit the village of Hogsmeade. Hermione told Harry that it would do him good to get away from the castle for a bit, and Harry didn't need much persuasion.  What about Ron, though? he said. Don't you want to go with him?  Oh. . . well.. . Hermione went slightly pink. I thought we might meet up with him in the Three Broomsticks. . . .  No, said Harry flatly.  Oh Harry, this is so stupid -  I'll come, but I'm not meeting Ron, and I'm wearing my Invisibility Cloak.  Oh all right then. . . Hermione snapped, but I hate talking to you in that cloak, I never know if I'm looking at you or not.  So Harry put on his Invisibility Cloak in the dormitory, went back downstairs, and together he and Hermione set off for Hogsmeade.  Harry felt wonderfully free under the cloak	 he watched other students walking past them as they entered the village, most of them sporting Support Cedric Diggory! badges, but no horrible remarks came his way for a change, and nobody was quoting that stupid article.  People keep looking at me now, said Hermione grumpily as they came out of Honeydukes Sweetshop later, eating large cream-filled chocolates. They think I'm talking to myself.  Don't move your lips so much then.  Come on, please just take off your cloak for a bit, no one's going to bother you here.  Oh yeah? said Harry. Look behind you.  Rita Skeeter and her photographer friend had just emerged from the Three Broomsticks pub.  Talking in low voices, they passed right by Hermione without hooking at her. Harry backed into the wall of Honeydukes to stop Rita Skeeter from hitting him with her crocodile-skin handbag. When they were gone, Harry said, She's staying in the village.  I bet she's coming to watch the first task.  As he said it, his stomach flooded with a wave of molten panic. He didn't mention this	 he and Hermione hadn't discussed what was coming in the first task much	 he had the feeling she didn't want to think about it.  She's gone, said Hermione, looking right through Harry toward the end of the street.  Why don't we go and have a butterbeer in the Three Broomsticks, it's a bit cold, isn't it? You don't have to talk to Ron! she added irritably, correctly interpreting his silence.  The Three Broomsticks was packed, mainly with Hogwarts students enjoying their free afternoon, but also with a variety of magical people Harry rarely saw anywhere else.  Harry supposed that as Hogsmeade was the only all-wizard village in Britain, it was a bit of a haven for creatures like hags, who were not as adept as wizards at disguising themselves.  It was very hard to move through crowds in the Invisibility Cloak, in case you accidentally trod on someone, which tended to lead to awkward questions. Harry edged slowly toward a spare table in the corner while Hermione went to buy drinks. On his way through the pub, Harry spotted Ron, who was sitting with Fred, George, and Lee Jordan.  Resisting the urge to give Ron a good hard poke in the back of the head, he finally reached the table and sat down at it.  Hermione joined him a moment later and slipped him a butterbeer under his cloak.  I look like such an idiot, sitting here on my own, she muttered. Lucky I brought something to do.  And she pulled out a notebook in which she had been keeping a record of S.P.E.W. members.  Harry saw his and Ron's names at the top of the very short list. It seemed a long time ago that they had sat making up those predictions together, and Hermione had turned up  and appointed them secretary and treasurer.  You know, maybe I should try and get some of the villagers involved in S.P.E.W.,  Hermione said thoughtfully, looking around the pub.  Yeah, right, said Harry. He took a swig of butterbeer under his cloak. Hermione, when are you going to give up on this spew stuff?  When house-elves have decent wages and working conditions! she hissed back. You know, I'm starting to think it's time for more direct action. I wonder how you get into the school kitchens?  No idea, ask Fred and George, said Harry.  Hermione lapsed into thoughtful silence, while Harry drank his butterbeer, watching the people in the pub. All of them looked cheerful and relaxed. Ernie Macmillan and Hannah Abbot were swapping Chocolate Frog cards at a nearby table	 both of them sporting Support Cedric Diggory! badges on their cloaks. Right over by the door he saw Cho and a large group of her Ravenclaw friends. She wasn't wearing a Cedric badge though. . . . This cheered up Harry very slightly.  What wouldn't he have given to be one of these peophe, sitting around laughing and talking, with nothing to worry about but homework? He imagined how it would have felt to be here if his name hadn't come out of the Goblet of Fire. He wouldn't be wearing the Invisibility Cloak, for one thing. Ron would be sitting with him. The three of them would probably be happily imagining what deadly dangerous task the school champions would be facing on Tuesday. He'd have been really hooking forward to it, watching them do whatever it was...cheering on Cedric with everyone else, safe in a seat at the back of the stands...  He wondered how the other champions were feeling. Every time he had seen Cedric lately, he had been surrounded by admirers and looking nervous but excited. Harry glimpsed Fleur Delacour from time to time in the corridors	 she looked exactly as she always did, haughty and unruffled. And Krum just sat in the library, poring over books.  Harry thought of Sirius, and the tight, tense knot in his chest seemed to ease slightly.  He would be speaking to him in just over twelve hours, for tonight was the night they were meeting at the common room fire - assuming nothing went wrong, as everything else had done lately...  Look, it's Hagrid! said Hermione.  The back of Hagrid's enormous shaggy head - he had mercifully abandoned his bunches -emerged over the crowd. Harry wondered why he hadn't spotted him at once, as Hagrid was so large, but standing up carefully, he saw that Hagrid had been leaning low, talking to Professor Moody. Hagrid had his usual enormous tankard in front of him, but Moody was drinking from his hip flask. Madam Rosmerta, the pretty landlady, didn't seem to think much of this	 she was looking askance at Moody as she collected glasses from tables around them. Perhaps she thought it was an insult to her mulled mead, but Harry knew better. Moody had told them all during their last Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson that he preferred to prepare his own food and drink at all times, as it was so easy for Dark wizards to poison an unattended cup.  As Harry watched, he saw Hagrid and Moody get up to leave. He waved, then remembered that Hagrid couldn't see him. Moody, however, paused, his magical eye on the corner where Harry was standing. He tapped Hagrid in the small of the back (being unable to reach his shoulder), muttered something to him, and then the pair of them made their way back across the pub toward Harry and Hermione's table.  All right, Hermione? said Hagrid loudly.  Hello, said Hermione, smiling back.  Moody limped around the table and bent down
Goblet of Fire=  Harry got up on Sunday morning and dressed so inattentively that it was a while before he realized he was trying to pull his hat onto his foot instead of his sock.  When he'd finally got all his clothes on the right parts of his body, he hurried off to find Hermione, locating her at the Gryffindor table in the Great Hall, where she was eating breakfast with Ginny. Feeling too queasy to eat, Harry waited until Hermione had swallowed her last spoonful of porridge, then dragged her out onto the grounds. There, he told her all about the dragons, and about everything Sirius had said, while they took another long walk around the lake.  Alarmed as she was by Sirius's warnings about Karkaroff, Hermione still thought that the dragons were the more pressing problem.  Let's just try and keep you alive until Tuesday evening, she said desperately, and then we can worry about Karkaroff.  They walked three times around the lake, trying all the way to think of a simple spell that would subdue a dragon. Nothing whatsoever occurred to them, so they retired to the library instead. Here, Harry pulled down every book he could find on dragons, and both of them set to work searching through the large pile.  Talon-clipping by charms. .. treating scale-rot. . .' This is no good, this is for nutters like Hagrid who want to keep them healthy. ..  Dragons are extremely difficult to slay, owing to the ancient magic that imbues their thick hides, which none but the most powerful spells can penetrate. . .' But Sirius said a simple one would do it.. .  Let's try some simple spellbooks, then, said Harry, throwing aside Men Who Love Dragons Too Much.  He returned to the table with a pile of spellbooks, set them down, and began to flick through each in turn, Hermione whispering nonstop at his elbow.  Well, there are Switching Spells. . . but what's the point of Switching it? Unless you swapped its fangs for wine-gums or something that would make it less dangerous.. . . The trouble is, like that book said, not much is going to get through a dragon's hide. . . .  I'd say Transfigure it, but something that big, you really haven't got a hope, I doubt even Professor McGonagall. . . unless you're supposed to put the spell on yourself?  Maybe to give yourself extra powers? But they're not simple spells, I mean, we haven't done any of those in class, I only know about them because I've been doing O.W.L.  practice papers. . . .  Hermione, Harry said, through gritted teeth, will you shut up for a bit, please? I m trying to concentrate.  But all that happened, when Hermione fell silent, was that Harry's brain filled with a sort of blank buzzing, which didn't seem to allow room for concentration. He stared hopelessly down the index of Basic Hexes for the Busy and Vexed. Instant scalping. . .  but dragons had no hair. . . pepper breath.. . that would probably increase a dragon's firepower. . . horn tongue. . . just what he needed, to give it an extra weapon...  Oh no, he's back again, why can't he read on his stupid ship? said Hermione irritably as Viktor Krum slouched in, cast a surly look over at the pair of them, and settled himself in a distant corner with a pile of books. Come on, Harry, we'll go back to the common room. . . his fan club'll be here in a moment, twittering away... .  And sure enough, as they left the library, a gang of girls tiptoed past them, one of them wearing a Bulgaria scarf tied around her waist.  Harry barely slept that night. When he awoke on Monday morning, he seriously considered for the first time ever just running away from Hogwarts. But as he looked around the Great Hall at breakfast time, and thought about what leaving the castle would mean, he knew he couldn't do it. It was the only place he had ever been happy. . . well, he supposed he must have been happy with his parents too, but he couldn't remember that.  Somehow, the knowledge that he would rather be here and facing a dragon than back on Privet Drive with Dudley was good to know	 it made him feel slightly calmer. He finished his bacon with difficulty (his throat wasn't working too well), and as he and Hermione got up, he saw Cedric Diggory leaving the Hufflepuff table.  Cedric still didn't know about the dragons. . . the only champion who didn't, if Harry was right in thinking that Maxime and Karkaroff would have told Fleur and Krum....  Hermione, I'll see you in the greenhouses, Harry said, coming to his decision as he watched Cedric leaving the Hall. Go on, I'll catch you up.  Harry, you'll be late, the bell's about to ring -  I'll catch you up, okay?  By the time Harry reached the bottom of the marble staircase, Cedric was at the top. He  was with a load of sixth-year friends. Harry didn't want to talk to Cedric in front of them	 they were among those who had been quoting Rita Skeeter's article at him every time he went near them. He followed Cedric at a distance and saw that he was heading toward the Charms corridor. This gave Harry an idea. Pausing at a distance from them, he pulled out his wand, and took careful aim.  Diffindo!  Cedric's bag split. Parchment, quills, and books spilled out of it onto the floor.  Several bottles of ink smashed.  Don't bother, said Cedric in an exasperated voice as his friends bent down to help him.  Tell Flitwick I'm coming, go on. . .  This was exactly what Harry had been hoping for. He slipped his wand back into his robes, waited until Cedric's friends had disappeared into their classroom, and hurried up the corridor, which was now empty of everyone but himself and Cedric.  Hi, said Cedric, picking up a copy of A Guide to Advanced Transfiguration that was now splattered with ink. My bag just split. . . brand-new and all. . .  Cedric, said Harry, the first task is dragons.  What? said Cedric, looking up.  Dragons, said Harry, speaking quickly, in case Professor Flitwick came out to see where Cedric had got to. They've got four, one for each of us, and we've got to get past them.  Cedric stared at him. Harry saw some of the panic he'd been feeling since Saturday night flickering in Cedric's gray eyes.  Are you sure? Cedric said in a hushed voice.  Dead sure, said Harry. I've seen them.  But how did you find out? We're not supposed to know. . . .  Never mind, said Harry quickly - he knew Hagrid would be in trouble if he told the truth. But I'm not the only one who knows. Fleur and Krum will know by now - Maxime and Karkaroff both saw the dragons too.  Cedric straightened up, his arms full of inky quills, parchment, and books, his ripped bag dangling off one shoulder. He stared at Harry, and there was a puzzled, almost suspicious look in his eyes.  Why are you telling me? he asked.  Harry looked at him in disbelief. He was sure Cedric wouldn't have asked that if he had seen the dragons himself. Harry wouldn't have let his worst enemy face those monsters unprepared - well, perhaps Malfoy or Snape...  It's just . . . fair, isn't it? he said to Cedric. We all know now. . . we're on an even footing, aren't we?  Cedric was still hooking at him in a slightly suspicious way when Harry heard a familiar clunking noise behind him. He turned around and saw Mad-Eye Moody emerging from a nearby classroom.  Come with me, Potter, he growled. Diggory, off you go.  Harry stared apprehensively at Moody. Had he overheard them?  Er - Professor, I'm supposed to be in Herbology -  Never mind that, Potter. In my office, please...  Harry followed him, wondering what was going to happen to him now. What if Moody wanted to know how he'd found out about the dragons? Would Moody go to Dumbledore and tell on Hagrid, or just turn Harry into a ferret? Well, it might be easier to get past a dragon if he were a ferret, Harry thought dully, he'd be smaller, much less easy to see from a height of fifty feet..  He followed Moody into his office. Moody closed the door behind them and turned to look at Harry, his magical eye fixed upon him as well as the normal one.  That was a very decent thing you just did, Potter, Moody said quietly.  Harry didn't know what to say	 this wasn't the reaction he had expected at all.  Sit down, said Moody, and Harry sat, looking around.  He had visited this office under two of its previous occupants. In Professor Lockhart's day, the walls had been plastered with beaming, winking pictures of Professor Lockhart himself. When Lupin had lived here, you were more likely to come across a specimen of some fascinating new Dark creature he had procured for them to study in class. Now, however, the office was full of a number of exceptionally odd objects that Harry supposed Moody had used in the days when he had been an Auror.  On his desk stood what looked hike a large, cracked, glass spinning top	 Harry recognized  it at once as a Sneakoscope, because he owned one himself, though it was much smaller than Moody's. In the corner on a small table stood an object that looked something like an extra-squiggly, golden television aerial. It was humming slightly. What appeared to be a mirror hung opposite Harry on the wall, but it was not reflecting the room. Shadowy figures were moving around inside it, none of them clearly in focus.  Like my Dark Detectors, do you? s aid Moody, who was watching Harry closely.  What's that? Harry asked, pointing at the squiggly golden aerial.  Secrecy Sensor. Vibrates when it detects concealment and lies.. . no use here, of course, too much interference - students in every direction lying about why they haven't done their homework Been humming ever since I got here. I had to disable my Sneakoscope because it wouldn't stop whistling. It's extra-sensitive, picks up stuff about a mile around. Of course, it could be picking up more than kid stuff, he added in a growl.  And what's the mirror for?  Oh that's my Foe-Glass. See them out there, skulking around? I'm not really in trouble until I see the whites of their eyes. That's when I open my trunk.  He let out a short, harsh laugh, and pointed to the large trunk under the window. It had seven keyholes in a row. Harry wondered what was in there, until Moody's next question brought him sharply back to earth.  So. . . found out about the dragons, have you?  Harry hesitated. He'd been afraid of this - but he hadn't told Cedric, and he certainly wasn't going to tell Moody, that Hagrid had broken the rules.  It's all right, said Moody, sitting down and stretching out his wooden leg with a groan. Cheating's a traditional part of the Triwizard Tournament and always has been.  I didn't cheat, said Harry sharply. It was - a sort of accident that I found out.  Moody grinned. I wasn't accusing you, laddie. I've been telling Dumbledore from the start, he can be as high-minded as he likes, but you can bet old Karkaroff and Maxime won't be. They'll have told their champions everything they can. They want to win.  They want to beat Dumbledore. They'd like to prove he's only human.  Moody gave another harsh laugh, and his magical eye swiveled around so fast it made Harry feel queasy to watch it.  So. . . got any ideas how you're going to get past your dragon yet? said Moody.  No, said Harry.  Well, I'm not going to tell you, said Moody gruffly. I don't show favoritism, me.  I'm just going to give you some good, general advice. And the first bit is - play to your strengths.  I haven't got any, said Harry, before he could stop himself. Excuse me, growled Moody, you've got strengths if I say you've got them. Think now. What are you best at?  Harry tried to concentrate. What was he best at? Well, that was easy, really -- Quidditch, he said dully, and a fat lot of help -  That's right, said Moody, staring at him very hard, his magical eye barely moving at all. You're a damn good flier from what I've heard.  Yeah, but.. . Harry stared at him. I'm not allowed a broom, I've only got my wand...  My second piece of general advice, said Moody loudly, interrupting him, is to use a nice, simple spell that will enable you to get what you need.  Harry looked at him blankly. What did he need?  Come on, boy. . . whispered Moody. Put them together... it's not that difficult...  And it clicked. He was best at flying. He needed to pass the dragon in the air. For that, he needed his Firebolt. And for his Fire-bolt, he needed - Hermione, Harry whispered, when he had sped into greenhouse three minutes later, uttering a hurried apology to Professor Sprout as he passed her. Hermione - I need you to help me.  What d'you think I've been trying to do, Harry? she whispered back, her eyes round with anxiety over the top of the quivering Flutterby Bush she was pruning.  Hermione, I need to learn how to do a Summoning Charm properly by tomorrow afternoon.  And so they practiced. They didn't have lunch, but headed for a free classroom, where Harry tried with all his might to make various objects fly across the room toward him.  He was still having problems. The books and quills kept losing heart halfway across the room and dropping hike stones to the floor.  Concentrate, Harry, concentrate. . . .  What d'you think I'm trying to do? said Harry angrily. A great big dragon keeps popping up in my head for some reason...Okay, try again. . . .  He wanted to skip Divination to keep practicing, but Hermione refused point-blank to skive off Arithmancy, and there was no point in staying without her. He therefore had to endure over an hour of Professor Trelawney, who spent half the lesson telling everyone that the position of Mars with relation to Saturn at that moment meant that people born in July were in great danger of sudden, violent deaths.  Well, that's good, said Harry loudly, his temper getting the better of him, just as long as it's not drawn-out. I don't want to suffer.  Ron looked for a moment as though he was going to laugh	 he certainly caught Harry's eye for the first time in days, but Harry was still feeling too resentful toward Ron to care.  He spent the rest of the lesson trying to attract small objects toward him under the table with his wand. He managed to make a fly zoom straight into his hand, though he wasn't entirely sure that was his prowess at Summoning Charms - perhaps the fly was just stupid.  He forced down some dinner after Divination, then returned to the empty classroom with Hermione, using the Invisibility Cloak to avoid the teachers. They kept practicing until past midnight. They would have stayed longer, but Peeves turned up and, pretending to think that Harry wanted things thrown at him, started chucking chairs across the room.  Harry and Hermione left in a hurry before the noise attracted Filch, and went back to the Gryffindor common room, which was now mercifully empty.  At two o'clock in the morning, Harry stood near the fireplace, surrounded by heaps of objects: books, quills, several upturned chairs, an old set of Gobstones, and Neville's toad, Trevor. Only in the last hour had Harry really got the hang of the Summoning Charm.  That's better, Harry, that's loads better, Hermione said, looking exhausted but very pleased.  Well, now we know what to do next time I can't manage a spell, Harry said, throwing a rune dictionary back to Hermione, so he could try again, threaten me with a dragon.  Right... He raised his wand once more. Accio Dictionary!  The heavy book soared out of Hermione's hand, flew across the room, and Harry caught it.  Harry, I really think you've got it! said Hermione delightedly.  Just as long as it works tomorrow, Harry said. The Firebolt's going to be much farther away than the stuff in here, it's going to be in the castle, and I'm going to be out there on the grounds. . . .  That doesn't matter, said Hermione firmly. Just as long as you're concentrating really, really hard on it, it'll come. Harry, we'd better get some sleep.. . you're going to need it.  Harry had been focusing so hard on learning the Summoning Charm that evening that some of his blind panic had heft him. It returned in full measure, however, on the following morning. The atmosphere in the school was one of great tension and excitement. Lessons were to stop at midday, giving all the students time to get down to the dragons' enclosure - though of course, they didn't yet know what they would find there.  Harry felt oddly separate from everyone around him, whether they were wishing him good luck or hissing We'll have a box of tissues ready, Potter as he passed. It was a state of nervousness so advanced that he wondered whether he mightn't just lose his head when they tried to lead him out to his dragon, and start trying to curse everyone in sight.  Time was behaving in a more peculiar fashion than ever, rushing past in great dollops, so that one moment he seemed to be sitting down in his first lesson, History of Magic, and the next, walking into lunch.. . and then (where had the morning gone? the last of the dragon-free hours?), Professor McGonagall was hurrying over to him in the Great Hall.  Lots of people were watching.  Potter, the champions have to come down onto the grounds now... . You have to get ready for your first task.  Okay, said Harry, standing up, his fork falling onto his plate with a clatter.  Good luck, Harry, Hermione whispered. You'll be fine!  Yeah, said Harry in a voice that was most unlike his own.  He heft the Great Hall with Professor McGonagall. She didn't seem herself either	 in fact, she looked nearly as anxious as Hermione. As she walked him down the stone steps  and out into the cold November afternoon, she put her hand on his shoulder.  Now, don't panic, she said, just keep a cool head. . . . We've got wizards standing by to control the situation if it gets out of hand. . . . The main thing is just to do your best, and nobody will think any the worse of you. . . . Are you all right?  Yes, Harry heard himself say. Yes, I'm fine.  She was leading him toward the place where the dragons were, around the edge of the forest, but when they approached the clump of trees behind which the enclosure would be clearly visible, Harry saw that a tent had been erected, its entrance facing them, screening the dragons from view.  You're to go in here with the other champions, said Professor McGonagall, in a rather shaky sort of voice, and wait for your turn, Potter. Mr. Bagman is in there. . . he'll be telling you the - the procedure. . . . Good luck.  Thanks, said Harry, in a flat, distant voice. She left him at the entrance of the tent. Harry went inside.  Fleur Delacour was sitting in a corner on a how wooden stool. She didn't look nearly as composed as usual, but rather pale and clammy. Viktor Krum looked even surlier than usual, which Harry supposed was his way of showing nerves. Cedric was pacing up and down. When Harry entered, Cedric gave him a small smile, which Harry returned, feeling the muscles in his face working rather hard, as though they had forgotten how to do it.  Harry! Good-o! said Bagman happily, looking around at him. Come in, come in, make yourself at home!  Bagman looked somehow like a slightly overblown cartoon figure, standing amid all the pale-faced champions. He was wearing his old Wasp robes again.  Well, now we're all here - time to fill you in! said Bagman brightly. When the audience has assembled, I'm going to be offering each of you this bag - he held up a small sack of purple silk and shook it at them - from which you will each select a small model of the thing you are about to face! There are different - er - varieties, you see.  And I have to tell you something else too.. . ah, yes... your task is to collect the golden egg!  Harry glanced around. Cedric had nodded once, to show that he understood Bagman's words, and then started pacing around the tent again	 he looked slightly green. Fleur Delacour and Krum hadn't reacted at all. Perhaps they thought they might be sick if they opened their mouths	 that was certainly how Harry felt. But they, at least, had volunteered for this. .  And in no time at all, hundreds upon hundreds of pairs of feet could be heard passing the tent, their owners talking excitedly, laughing, joking. . . . Harry felt as separate from the crowd as though they were a different species. And then - it seemed like about a second later to Harry - Bagman was opening the neck of the purple silk sack.  Ladies first, he said, offering it to Fleur Delacour.  She put a shaking hand inside the bag and drew out a tiny, perfect model of a dragon - a Welsh Green. It had the number two around its neck And Harry knew, by the fact that Fleur showed no sign of surprise, but rather a determined resignation, that he had been right: Madame Maxime had told her what was coming.  The same held true for Krum. He pulled out the scarlet Chinese Fireball. It had a number three around its neck. He didn't even blink, just sat back down and stared at the ground.  Cedric put his hand into the bag, and out came the blueish-gray Swedish Short-Snout, the number one tied around its neck. Knowing what was left, Harry put his hand into the silk bag and pulled out the Hungarian Horntail, and the number four. It stretched its wings as he looked down at it, and bared its minuscule fangs.  Well, there you are! said Bagman. You have each pulled out the dragon you will face, and the numbers refer to the order in which you are to take on the dragons, do you see?  Now, I'm going to have to leave you in a moment, because I'm commentating. Mr. Diggory, you're first, just go out into the enclosure when you hear a whistle, all right? Now. .  . Harry. . . could I have a quick word? Outside?  Er. . . yes, said Harry blankly, and he got up and went out of the tent with Bagman, who walked him a short distance away, into the trees, and then turned to him with a fatherly expression on his face.  Feeling all right, Harry? Anything I can get you?  What? said Harry. I - no, nothing.  Got a plan? said Bagman, lowering his voice conspiratorially. Because I don't mind  sharing a few pointers, if you'd like them, you know. I mean, Bagman continued, lowering his voice still further, you're the underdog here, Harry. . . . Anything I can do to help. . .  No, said Harry so quickly he knew he had sounded rude, no - I - I know what I'm going to do, thanks.  Nobody would know, Harry, said Bagman, winking at him.  No, I'm fine, said Harry, wondering why he kept telling people this, and wondering whether he had ever been less fine. I've got a plan worked out, I -  A whistle had blown somewhere.  Good lord, I've got to run! said Bagman in alarm, and he hurried off.  Harry walked back to the tent and saw Cedric emerging from it, greener than ever. Harry tried to wish him luck as he walked past, but all that came out of his mouth was a sort of hoarse grunt.  Harry went back inside to Fleur and Krum. Seconds hater, they heard the roar of the crowd, which meant Cedric had entered the enclosure and was now face-to-face with the living counterpart of his model.  It was worse than Harry could ever have imagined, sitting there and listening. The crowd screamed. . . yelled.. . gasped like a single many-headed entity, as Cedric did whatever he was doing to get past the Swedish Short-Snout. Krum was still staring at the ground.  Fleur had now taken to retracing Cedric's steps, around and around the tent. And Bagman's commentary made everything much, much worse.. . . Horrible pictures formed in Harry's mind as he heard: Oooh, narrow miss there, very narrow. . . He's taking risks, this one!. . . Clever move - pity it didn't work!  And then, after about fifteen minutes, Harry heard the deafening roar that could mean only one thing: Cedric had gotten past his dragon and captured the golden egg.  Very good indeed! Bagman was shouting. And now the marks from the judges!  But he didn't shout out the marks	 Harry supposed the judges were holding them up and showing them to the crowd.  One down, three to go! Bagman yelled as the whistle blew again. Miss Delacour, if you please!  Fleur was trembling from head to foot	 Harry felt more warmly toward her than he had done so far as she heft the tent with her head held high and her hand clutching her wand. He and Krum were left alone, at opposite sides of the tent, avoiding each other's gaze.  The same process started again. . . .Oh I'm not sure that was wise! they could hear Bagman shouting gleefully. Oh. . . nearly! Careful now. . . good lord, I thought she'd had it then!  Ten minutes later, Harry heard the crowd erupt into applause once more. . . . Fleur must have been successful too. A pause, while Fleur's marks were being shown. . . more clapping.. . then, for the third time, the whistle.  And here comes Mr. Krum! cried Bagman, and Krum slouched out, leaving Harry quite alone.  He felt much more aware of his body than usual	 very aware of the way his heart was pumping fast, and his fingers tingling with fear. . . yet at the same time, he seemed to be outside himself, seeing the walls of the tent, and hearing the crowd, as though from far away.  Very daring! Bagman was yelling, and Harry heard the Chinese Fireball emit a horrible, roaring shriek, while the crowd drew its collective breath. That's some nerve he's showing - and - yes, he's got the egg!  Applause shattered the wintery air like breaking glass	 Krum had finished - it would be Harry's turn any moment.  He stood up, noticing dimly that his legs seemed to be made of marshmallow. He waited.  And then he heard the whistle blow. He walked out through the entrance of the tent, the panic rising into a crescendo inside him. And now he was walking past the trees, through a gap in the enclosure fence.  He saw everything in front of him as though it was a very highly colored dream. There were hundreds and hundreds of faces staring down at him from stands that had been magicked there since he'd last stood on this spot. And there was the Horntail, at the other end of the enclosure, crouched low over her clutch of eggs, her wings half-furled, her evil, yellow eyes upon him, a monstrous, scaly, black lizard, thrashing her spiked tail, heaving yard-long gouge marks in the hard ground. The crowd was making a great deal of noise, but whether friendly or not, Harry didn't know or care. It was time to do  what he had to do. . . to focus his mind, entirely and absolutely, upon the thing that was his only chance.  He raised his wand.  Accio Firebolt! he shouted.  Harry waited, every fiber of him hoping, praying. . . . If it hadn't worked. . . if it wasn't coming. . . He seemed to be looking at everything around him through some sort of shimmering, transparent barrier, like a heat haze, which made the enclosure and the hundreds of faces around him swim strangely....  And then he heard it, speeding through the air behind him	 he turned and saw his Firebolt hurtling toward him around the edge of the woods, soaring into the enclosure, and stopping dead in midair beside him, waiting for him to mount. The crowd was making even more noise. . . . Bagman was shouting something. . . but Harry's ears were not working properly anymore. . . listening wasn't important....  He swung his leg over the broom and kicked off from the ground. And a second later, something miraculous happened....  As he soared upward, as the wind rushed through his hair, as the crowd's faces became mere flesh-colored pinpnicks below, and the Horntail shrank to the size of a dog, he realized that he had heft not only the ground behind, but also his fear. . . . He was back where he belonged....  This was just another Quidditch match, that was all. . . just another Quidditch match, and that Horntail was just another ugly opposing team.  He looked down at the clutch of eggs and spotted the gold one, gleaming against its cement-colored fellows, residing safely between the dragon's front legs. Okay, Harry told himself, diversionary tactics. . . let's go. . .  He dived. The Horntail's head followed him
Goblet of Fire=  Harry, Ron, and Hermione went up to the Owlery that evening to find Pigwidgeon, so that Harry could send Sirius a letter telling him that he had managed to get past his dragon unscathed. On the way, Harry filled Ron in on everything Sirius had told him about Karkaroff. Though shocked at first to hear that Karkaroff had been a Death Eater, by the time they entered the Owlery Ron was saying that they ought to have suspected it all along.  Fits, doesn't it? he said. Remember what Malfoy said on the train, about his dad being friends with Karkaroff? Now we know where they knew each other.  They were probably running around in masks together at the World Cup.... I'll tell you one thing, though, Harry, if it was Karkaroff who put your name in the goblet, he's going to be feeling really stupid now, isn't he? Didn't work, did it? You only got a scratch!  Come here - I'll do it -  Pigwidgeon was so overexcited at the idea of a delivery he was flying around and around Harry's head, hooting incessantly. Ron snatched Pigwidgeon out of the air and held him still while Harry attached the letter to his leg.  There's no way any of the other tasks are going to be that dangerous, how could they be? Ron went on as he carried Pigwidgeon to the window. You know what? I reckon you could win this tournament, Harry, I'm serious.  Harry knew that Ron was only saying this to make up for his behavior of the last few weeks, but he appreciated it all the same. Hermione, however, leaned against the Owlery wall, folded her arms, and frowned at Ron.  Harry's got a long way to go before he finishes this tournament, she said seriously.  If that was the first task, I hate to think what's coming next.  Right little ray of sunshine, aren't you? said Ron. You and Professor Trelawney should get together sometime.  He threw Pigwidgeon out of the window. Pigwidgeon plummeted twelve feet before managing to pull himself back up again	 the letter attached to his leg was much longer and heavier than usual - Harry hadn't been able to resist giving Sirius a blow-by-blow account of exactly how he had swerved, circled, and dodged the Horntail. They watched Pigwidgeon disappear into the darkness, and then Ron said, Well, we'd better get downstairs for your surprise party, Harry - Fred and George should have nicked enough food from the kitchens by now.  Sure enough, when they entered the Gryffindor common room it exploded with cheers and yells again. There were mountains of cakes and flagons of pumpkin juice and butterbeer on every surface	 Lee Jordan had let off some Filibuster's Fireworks, so that the air was thick with stars and sparks	 and Dean Thomas, who was very good at drawing, had put up some impressive new banners, most of which depicted Harry zooming around the Horntail's head on his Firebolt, though a couple showed Cedric with his head on fire.  Harry helped himself to food	 he had almost forgotten what it was like to feel properly hungry, and sat down with Ron and Hermione. He couldn't believe how happy he felt	 he had Ron back on his side, he'd gotten through the first task, and he wouldn't have to face the second one for three months.  Blimey, this is heavy, said Lee Jordan, picking up the golden egg, which Harry had left on a table, and weighing it in his hands. Open it, Harry, go on! Let's just see what's  inside it!  He's supposed to work out the clue on his own, Hermione said swiftly. It's in the tournament rules. . . .  I was supposed to work out how to get past the dragon on my own too, Harry muttered, so only Hermione could hear him, and she grinned rather guiltily.  Yeah, go on, Harry, open it! several people echoed.  Lee passed Harry the egg, and Harry dug his fingernails into the groove that ran all the way around it and prised it open.  It was hollow and completely empty - but the moment Harry opened it, the most horrible noise, a loud and screechy wailing, filled the room. The nearest thing to it Harry had ever heard was the ghost orchestra at Nearly Headless Nick's deathday party, who had all been playing the musical saw.  Shut it! Fred bellowed, his hands over his ears.  What was that? said Seamus Finnigan, staring at the egg as Harry slammed it shut again. Sounded like a banshee ... Maybe you've got to get past one of those next, Harry!  It was someone being tortured! said Neville, who had gone very white and spilled sausage rolls all over the floor. You're going to have to fight the Cruciatus Curse!  Don't be a prat, Neville, that's illegal, said George. They wouldn't use the Cruciatus Curse on the champions. I thought it sounded a bit like Percy singing . ..  maybe you've got to attack him while he's in the shower. Harry.  Want a jam tart, Hermione? said Fred.  Hermione looked doubtfully at the plate he was offering her. Fred grinned.  It's all right, he said. I haven't done anything to them. It's the custard creams you've got to watch -  Neville, who had just bitten into a custard cream, choked and spat it out. Fred laughed.  Just my little joke, Neville.. . .  Hermione took a jam tart. Then she said, Did you get all this from the kitchens, Fred?  Yep, said Fred, grinning at her. He put on a high-pitched squeak and imitated a house-elf. 'Anything we can get you, sir, anything at all!' They're dead helpful...  get me a roast ox if I said I was peckish.  How do you get in there? Hermione said in an innocently casual sort of voice.  Easy, said Fred, concealed door behind a painting of a bowl of fruit. Just tickle the pear, and it giggles and - He stopped and looked suspiciously at her. Why?  Nothing, said Hermione quickly.  Going to try and lead the house-elves out on strike now, are you? said George. Going to give up all the leaflet stuff and try and stir them up into rebellion?  Several people chortled. Hermione didn't answer.  Don't you go upsetting them and telling them they've got to take clothes and salaries!  said Fred warningly. You'll put them off their cooking!  Just then, Neville caused a slight diversion by turning into a large canary.  Oh - sorry, Neville! Fred shouted over all the laughter. I forgot - it was the custard creams we hexed -  Within a minute, however, Neville had molted, and once his feathers had fallen off, he reappeared looking entirely normal. He even joined in laughing.  Canary Creams! Fred shouted to the excitable crowd. George and I invented them -seven Sickles each, a bargain!  It was nearly one in the morning when Harry finally went up to the dormitory with Ron, Neville, Seamus, and Dean. Before he pulled the curtains of his four-poster shut. Harry set his tiny model of the Hungarian Horntail on the table next to his bed, where it yawned, curled up, and closed its eyes. Really, Harry thought, as he pulled the hangings on his four-poster closed, Hagrid had a point.. . they were all right, really, dragons. .  . .  The start of December brought wind and sleet to Hogwarts. Drafty though the castle always was in winter. Harry was glad of its fires and thick walls every time he passed the Durmstrang ship on the lake, which was pitching in the high winds, its black sails billowing against the dark skies. He thought the Beauxbatons caravan was likely to be pretty chilly too. Hagrid, he noticed, was keeping Madame Maxime's horses well provided with their preferred drink of single-malt whiskey	 the fumes wafting from the trough in the  comer of their paddock was enough to make the entire Care of Magical Creatures class light-headed. This was unhelpful, as they were still tending the horrible skrewts and needed their wits about them.  I'm not sure whether they hibernate or not, Hagrid told the shivering class in the windy pumpkin patch next lesson. Thought we'd jus' try an see if they fancied a kip . .  . we'll jus' settle 'em down in these boxes. . . .  There were now only ten skrewts left	 apparently their desire to kill one another had not been exercised out of them. Each of them was now approaching six feet in length. Their thick gray armor	 their powerful, scuttling legs	 their fire-blasting ends	 their stings and their suckers, combined to make the skrewts the most repulsive things Harry had ever seen. The class looked dispiritedly at the enormous boxes Hagrid had brought out, all lined with pillows and fluffy blankets.  We'll jus' lead 'em in here, Hagrid said, an' put the lids on, and we'll see what happens.  But the skrewts, it transpired, did not hibernate, and did not appreciate being forced into pillow-lined boxes and nailed in. Hagrid was soon yelling, Don panic, now, don' panic! while the skrewts rampaged around the pumpkin patch, now strewn with the smoldering wreckage of the boxes. Most of the class - Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle in the lead - had fled into Hagrid's cabin through the back door and barricaded themselves in	 Harry, Ron, and Hermione, however, were among those who remained outside trying to help Hagrid. Together they managed to restrain and tie up nine of the skrewts, though at the cost of numerous burns and cuts	 finally, only one skrewt was left.  Don' frighten him, now! Hagrid shouted as Ron and Harry used their wands to shoot jets of fiery sparks at the skrewt, which was advancing menacingly on them, its sting arched, quivering, over its back. Jus' try an slip the rope 'round his sting, so he won hurt any o' the others!  Yeah, we wouldn't want that! Ron shouted angrily as he and Harry backed into the wall of Hagrid's cabin, still holding the skrewt off with their sparks.  Well, well, well. . . this does look like fun.  Rita Skeeter was leaning on Hagrid's garden fence, looking in at the mayhem. She was wearing a thick magenta cloak with a furry purple collar today, and her crocodile-skin handbag was over her arm.  Hagrid launched himself forward on top of the skrewt that was cornering Harry and Ron and flattened it	 a blast of fire shot out of its end, withering the pumpkin plants nearby.  Who're you? Hagrid asked Rita Skeeter as he slipped a loop of rope around the skrewt's sting and tightened it.  Rita Skeeter, Daily Prophet reporter, Rita replied, beaming at him. Her gold teeth glinted.  Thought Dumbledore said you weren' allowed inside the school anymore, said Hagrid, frowning slightly as he got off the slightly squashed skrewt and started tugging it over to its fellows.  Rita acted as though she hadn't heard what Hagrid had said.  What are these fascinating creatures called? she asked, beaming still more widely.  Blast-Ended Skrewts, grunted Hagrid.  Really? said Rita, apparently full of lively interest. I've never heard of them before...where do they come from?  Harry noticed a dull red flush rising up out of Hagrid's wild black beard, and his heart sank. Where had Hagrid got the skrewts from? Hermione, who seemed to be thinking along these lines, said quickly, They're very interesting, aren't they? Aren't they. Harry?  What? Oh yeah . . . ouch . . . interesting, said Harry as she stepped on his foot.  Ah, you're here. Harry! said Rita Skeeter as she looked around. So you like Care of Magical Creatures, do you? One of your favorite lessons?  Yes, said Harry stoutly. Hagrid beamed at him.  Lovely, said Rita. Really lovely. Been teaching long? she added to Hagrid.  Harry noticed her eyes travel over Dean (who had a nasty cut across one cheek). Lavender (whose robes were badly singed), Seamus (who was nursing several burnt fingers), and then to the cabin windows, where most of the class stood, their noses pressed against the glass waiting to see if the coast was clear.  This is o'ny me second year, said Hagrid.  Lovely... I don't suppose you'd like to give an interview, would you? Share some of your experience of magical creatures? The Prophet does a zoological column every  Wednesday, as I'm sure you know. We could feature these - er - Bang-Ended Scoots.  Blast-Ended Skrewts, Hagrid said eagerly. Er - yeah, why not?  Harry had a very bad feeling about this, but there was no way of communicating it to Hagrid without Rita Skeeter seeing, so he had to stand and watch in silence as Hagrid and Rita Skeeter made arrangements to meet in the Three Broomsticks for a good long interview later that week. Then the bell rang up at the castle, signaling the end of the lesson.  Well, good-bye, Harry! Rita Skeeter called merrily to him as he set off with Ron and Hermione. Until Friday night, then, Hagrid!  She'll twist everything he says, Harry said under his breath.  Just as long as he didn't import those skrewts illegally or anything, said Hermione desperately. They looked at one another - it was exactly the sort of thing Hagrid might do.  Hagrids been in loads of trouble before, and Dumbledores never sacked him, said Ron consolingly. Worst that can happen is Hagrid'll have to get rid of the skrewts. Sorry . . . did I say worst? I meant best.  Harry and Hermione laughed, and, feeling slightly more cheerful, went off to lunch.  Harry thoroughly enjoyed double Divination that afternoon
Goblet of Fire=  Potter! Weasley! Will you pay attention?  Professor McGonagall's irritated voice cracked like a whip through the Transfiguration class on Thursday, and Harry and Ron both jumped and looked up.  It was the end of the lesson	 they had finished their work	 the guinea fowl they had been changing into guinea pigs had been shut away in a large cage on Professor McGonagall's desk (Neville's still had feathers)	 they had copied down their homework from the blackboard (Describe, with examples, the ways in which Transforming Spells must be adapted when performing Cross-Species Switches}. The bell was due to ring at any moment, and Harry and Ron, who had been having a sword fight with a couple of Fred and George's fake wands at the back of the class, looked up, Ron holding a tin parrot and Harry, a rubber haddock.  Now that Potter and Weasley have been kind enough to act their age, said Professor McGonagall, with an angry look at the pair of them as the head of Harry's haddock drooped and fell silently to the floor - Ron's parrot's beak had severed it moments before - I have something to say to you all.  The Yule Ball is approaching - a traditional part of the Triwizard Tournament and an opportunity for us to socialize with our foreign guests. Now, the ball will be open only to fourth years and above - although you may invite a younger student if you wish -  Lavender Brown let out a shrill giggle. Parvati Patil nudged her hard in the ribs, her face working furiously as she too fought not to giggle. They both looked around at Harry, Professor McGonagall ignored them, which Harry thought was distinctly unfair, as she had just told off him and Ron.  Dress robes will be worn, Professor McGonagall continued, and the ball will start at eight o'clock on Christmas Day, finishing at midnight in the Great Hall. Now then -  Professor McGonagall stared deliberately around the class.  The Yule Ball is of course a chance for us all to - er - let our hair down, she said, in a disapproving voice.  Lavender giggled harder than ever, with her hand pressed hard against her mouth to stifle the sound. Harry could see what was funny this time: Professor McGonagall, with her hair in a tight bun, looked as though she had never let her hair down in any sense.  But that does NOT mean, Professor McGonagall went on, that we will be relaxing the standards of behavior we expect from Hogwarts students. I will be most seriously displeased if a Gryffindor student embarrasses the school in any way.  The bell rang, and there was the usual scuffle of activity as everyone packed their bags and swung them onto their shoulders.  Professor McGonagall called above the noise, Potter - a word, if you please.  Assuming this had something to do with his headless rubber haddock, Harry proceeded gloomily to the teacher's desk. Professor McGonagall waited until the rest of the class had gone, and then said, Potter, the champions and their partners -  What partners? said Harry.  Profesor McGonagall looked suspiciously at him, as though she thought he was trying to be funny.  Your partners for the Yule Ball, Potter, she said coldly. Your dance partners.  Harry's insides seemed to curl up and shrivel.  Dance partners? He felt himself going red. I don't dance, he said quickly.  Oh yes, you do, said Professor McGonagall irritably. That's what I'm telling you.  Traditionally, the champions and their partners open the ball.  Harry had a sudden mental image of himself in a top hat and tails, accompanied by a girl in the sort of frilly dress Aunt Petunia always wore to Uncle Vernon's work parties.  I'm not dancing, he said.  It is traditional, said Professor McGonagall firmly. You are a Hogwarts champion, and you will do what is expected of you as a representative of the school. So make sure you get yourself a partner, Potter.  But-I don't-  You heard me, Potter, said Professor McGonagall in a very final sort of way.  A week ago. Harry would have said finding a partner for a dance would be a cinch compared to taking on a Hungarian Horntail. But now that he had done the latter, and was facing the prospect of asking a girl to the ball, he thought he'd rather have another round with the dragon.  Harry had never known so many people to put their names down to stay at Hogwarts for Christmas	 he always did, of course, because the alternative was usually going back to Privet Drive, but he had always been very much in the minority before now. This year, however, everyone in the fourth year and above seemed to be staying, and they all seemed to Harry to be obsessed with the coming ball - or at least all the girls were, and it was amazing how many girls Hogwarts suddenly seemed to hold	 he had never quite noticed that before. Girls giggling and whispering in the corridors, girls shrieking with laughter as boys passed them, girls excitedly comparing notes on what they were going to wear on Christmas night... .  Why do they have to move in packs? Harry asked Ron as a dozen or so girls walked past them, sniggering and staring at Harry. How're you supposed to get one on their own to ask them?  Lasso one? Ron suggested. Got any idea who you're going to try?  Harry didn't answer. He knew perfectly well whom he'd like to ask, but working up the nerve was something else. . . . Cho was a year older than he was	 she was very pretty	 she was a very good Quidditch player, and she was also very popular.  Ron seemed to know what was going on inside Harry's head.  Listen, you're not going to have any trouble. You're a champion. You've just beaten a Hungarian Horntail. I bet they'll be queuing up to go with you.  In tribute to their recently repaired friendship, Ron had kept the bitterness in his voice to a bare minimum. Moreover, to Harry's amazement, he turned out to be quite right.  A curly-haired third-year Hufflepuff girl to whom Harry had never spoken in his life asked him to go to the ball with her the very next day. Harry was so taken aback he said no before he'd even stopped to consider the matter. The girl walked off looking rather hurt, and Harry had to endure Dean's, Seamus's, and Ron's taunts about her all through History of Magic. The following day, two more girls asked him, a second year and (to his horror) a fifth year who looked as though she might knock him out if he refused.  She was quite good-looking, said Ron fairly, after he'd stopped laughing.  She was a foot taller than me, said Harry, still unnerved. Imagine what I'd look like trying to dance with her.  Hermione's words about Krum kept coming back to him. They only like him because he's famous! Harry doubted very much if any of the girls who had asked to be his partner so far would have wanted to go to the ball with him if he hadn't been a school champion.  Then he wondered if this would bother him if Cho asked him.  On the whole. Harry had to admit that even with the embarrassing prospect of opening the ball before him, life had definitely improved since he had got through the first task.  He wasn't attracting nearly as much unpleasantness in the corridors anymore, which he suspected had a lot to do with Cedric - he had an idea Cedric might have told the Hufflepuffs to leave Harry alone, in gratitude for Harry's tip-off about the dragons.  There seemed to be fewer Support Cedric Diggory! badges around too. Draco Malfoy, of course, was still quoting Rita Skeeter's article to him at every possible opportunity, but he was getting fewer and fewer laughs out of it - and just to heighten Harry's feeling of well-being, no story about Hagrid had appeared in the Daily Prophet.  She didn' seem very int'rested in magical creatures, ter tell yeh the truth, Hagrid said, when Harry, Ron, and Hermione asked him how his interview with Rita Skeeter had gone during the last Care of Magical Creatures lesson of the term. To their very great relief, Hagrid had given up on direct contact with the skrewts now, and they were merely sheltering behind his cabin today, sitting at a trestle table and preparing a fresh selection of food with which to tempt the skrewts.  She jus' wanted me ter talk about you, Harry, Hagrid continued in a low voice. Well, I told her we'd been friends since I went ter fetch yeh from the Dursleys. 'Never had to tell him off in four years?' she said. 'Never played you up in lessons, has he?' I told her no, an she didn' seem happy at all. Yeh'd think she wanted me to say yeh were horrible, Harry.   'Course she did, said Harry, throwing lumps of dragon liver into a large metal bowl and picking up his knife to cut some more. She can't keep writing about what a tragic little hero I am, it'll get boring.  She wants a new angle, Hagrid, said Ron wisely as he shelled salamander eggs. You were supposed to say Harry's a mad delinquent!  But he's not! said Hagrid, looking genuinely shocked.  She should've interviewed Snape, said Harry grimly. He'd give her the goods on me any day. 'Potter has been crossing lines ever since he first arrived at this school. . . .'  Said that, did he? said Hagrid, while Ron and Hermione laughed. Well, yeh might've bent a few rules. Harry, bu' yeh're all righ' really, aren' you?  Cheers, Hagrid, said Harry, grinning.  You coming to this ball thing on Christmas Day, Hagrid? said Ron.  Though' I might look in on it, yeah, said Hagrid gruffly. Should be a good do, I reckon. You'll be openin the dancin', won yeh, Harry? Who're you takin'?  No one, yet, said Harry, feeling himself going red again. Hagrid didn't pursue the subject.  The last week of term became increasingly boisterous as it progressed. Rumors about the Yule Ball were flying everywhere, though Harry didn't believe half of them - for instance, that Dumbledore had bought eight hundred barrels of mulled mead from Madam Rosmerta. It seemed to be fact, however, that he had booked the Weird Sisters. Exactly who or what the Weird Sisters were Harry didn't know, never having had access to a wizard's wireless, but he deduced from the wild excitement of those who had grown up  listening to the WWN (Wizarding Wireless Network) that they were a very famous musical group.  Some of the teachers, like little Professor Flitwick, gave up trying to teach them much when their minds were so clearly elsewhere	 he allowed them to play games in his lesson on Wednesday, and spent most of it talking to Harry about the perfect Summoning Charm Harry had used during the first task of the Triwizard Tournament. Other teachers were not so generous. Nothing would ever deflect Professor Binns, for example, from plowing on through his notes on goblin rebellions - as Binns hadn't let his own death stand in the way of continuing to teach, they supposed a small thing like Christmas wasn't going to put him off. It was amazing how he could make even bloody and vicious goblin riots sound as boring as Percys cauldron-bottom report. Professors McGonagall and Moody kept them working until the very last second of their classes too, and Snape, of course, would no sooner let them play games in class than adopt Harry. Staring nastily around at them all, he informed them that he would be testing them on poison antidotes during the last lesson of the term.  Evil, he is, Ron said bitterly that night in the Gryffindor common room. Springing a test on us on the last day. Ruining the last bit of term with a whole load of studying.  Mmm . . . you're not exactly straining yourself, though, are you? said Hermione, looking at him over the top of her Potions notes. Ron was busy building a card castle out of his Exploding Snap pack - a much more interesting pastime than with Muggle cards, because of the chance that the whole thing would blow up at any second.  It's Christmas, Hermione, said Harry lazily	 he was rereading Flying with the Cannons for the tenth time in an armchair near the fire.  Hermione looked severely over at him too. I'd have thought you'd be doing something constructive, Harry, even if you don't want to learn your antidotes!  Like what? Harry said as he watched Joey Jenkins of the Cannons belt a Bludger toward a Ballycastle Bats Chaser.  That egg! Hermione hissed.  Come on, Hermione, I've got till February the twenty-fourth, Harry said.  He had put the golden egg upstairs in his trunk and hadn't opened it since the celebration party after the first task. There were still two and a half months to go until he needed to know what all the screechy wailing meant, after all.  But it might take weeks to work it out! said Hermione. You're going to look a real idiot if everyone else knows what the next task is and you don't!  Leave him alone, Hermione, he's earned a bit of a break, said Ron, and he placed the last two cards on top of the castle and the whole lot blew up, singeing his eyebrows.  Nice look, Ron ... go well with your dress robes, that will.  It was Fred and George. They sat down at the table with Harry, Ron, and Hermione as Ron felt how much damage had been done.  Ron, can we borrow Pigwidgeon? George asked.  No, he's off delivering a letter, said Ron. Why?  Because George wants to invite him to the ball, said Fred sarcastically.  Because we want to send a letter, you stupid great prat, said George.  Who d'you two keep writing to, eh? said Ron.  Nose out, Ron, or I'll burn that for you too, said Fred, waving his wand threateningly.  So . . . you lot got dates for the ball yet?  Nope, said Ron.  Well, you'd better hurry up, mate, or all the good ones will be gone, said Fred.  Who're you going with, then? said Ron.  Angelina, said Fred promptly, without a trace of embarrassment.  What? said Ron, taken aback. You've already asked her?  Good point, said Fred. He turned his head and called across the common room, Oi!  Angelina!  Angelina, who had been chatting with Alicia Spinnet near the fire, looked over at him.  What? she called back.  Want to come to the ball with me?  Angelina gave Fred an appraising sort of look.  All right, then, she said, and she turned back to Alicia and carried on chatting with a bit of a grin on her face.  There you go, said Fred to Harry and Ron, piece of cake.  He got to his feet, yawning, and said, We'd better use a school owl then, George, come  on. .. .  They left. Ron stopped feeling his eyebrows and looked across the smoldering wreck of his card castle at Harry.  We should get a move on, you know . . . ask someone. He's right. We don't want to end up with a pair of trolls.  Hermione let out a sputter of indignation.  A pair of... what, excuse me?  Well - you know, said Ron, shrugging. I'd rather go alone than with - with Eloise Midgen, say.  Her acne's loads better lately - and she's really nice!  Her nose is off-center, said Ron.  Oh I see, Hermione said, bristling. So basically, you're going to take the best-looking girl who'll have you, even if she's completely horrible?  Er - yeah, that sounds about right, said Ron.  I'm going to bed, Hermione snapped, and she swept off toward the girls' staircase without another word.  The Hogwarts staff, demonstrating a continued desire to impress the visitors from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang, seemed determined to show the castle at its best this Christmas. When the decorations went up. Harry noticed that they were the most stunning he had yet seen inside the school. Everlasting icicles had been attached to the banisters of the marble staircase	 the usual twelve Christmas trees in the Great Hall were bedecked with everything from luminous holly berries to real, hooting, golden owls, and the suits of armor had all been bewitched to sing carols whenever anyone passed them.  It was quite something to hear 0 Come, All Ye Faithful sung by an empty helmet that only knew half the words. Several times, Filch the caretaker had to extract Peeves from inside the armor, where he had taken to hiding, filling in the gaps in the songs with lyrics of his own invention, all of which were very rude.  And still. Harry hadn't asked Cho to the ball. He and Ron were getting very nervous now, though as Harry pointed out, Ron would look much less stupid than he would without a partner	 Harry was supposed to be starting the dancing with the other champions.  I suppose there's always Moaning Myrtle, he said gloomily, referring to the ghost who haunted the girls' toilets on the second floor.  Harry - we've just got to grit our teeth and do it, said Ron on Friday morning, in a tone that suggested they were planning the storming of an impregnable fortress. When we get back to the common room tonight, we'll both have partners - agreed?  Er . . . okay, said Harry.  But every time he glimpsed Cho that day - during break, and then lunchtime, and once on the way to History of Magic - she was surrounded by friends. Didn't she ever go anywhere alone? Could he perhaps ambush her as she was going into a bathroom? But no - she even seemed to go there with an escort of four or five girls. Yet if he didn't do it soon, she was bound to have been asked by somebody else.  He found it hard to concentrate on Snape's Potions test, and consequently forgot to add the key ingredient - a bezoar - meaning that he received bottom marks. He didn't care, though	 he was too busy screwing up his courage for what he was about to do. When the bell rang, he grabbed his bag, and hurried to the dungeon door.  I'll meet you at dinner, he said to Ron and Hermione, and he dashed off upstairs.  He'd just have to ask Cho for a private word, that was all. ... He hurried off through the packed corridors looking for her, and (rather sooner than he had expected) he found her, emerging from a Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson.  Er - Cho? Could I have a word with you?  Giggling should be made illegal. Harry thought furiously, as all the girls around Cho started doing it. She didn't, though. She said, Okay, and followed him out of earshot other classmates.  Harry turned to look at her and his stomach gave a weird lurch as though he had missed a step going downstairs.  Er, he said.  He couldn't ask her. He couldn't. But he had to. Cho stood there looking puzzled, watching him. The words came out before Harry had quite got his tongue around them.  Wangoballwime?  Sorry? said Cho.  D'you - d'you want to go to the ball with me? said Harry. Why did he have to go red now? Why?  Oh! s aid Cho, and she went red too. Oh Harry, I'm really sorry, and she truly looked it. I've already said I'll go with someone else.  Oh, said Harry.  It was odd	 a moment before his insides had been writhing like snakes, but suddenly he didn't seem to have any insides at all.  Oh okay, he said, no problem.  I'm really sorry, she said again.  That's okay, said Harry.  They stood there looking at each other, and then Cho said, Well-  Yeah, said Harry.  Well, 'bye, said Cho, still very red. She walked away.  Harry called after her, before he could stop himself.  Who're you going with?  Oh - Cedric, she said. Cedric Diggory.  Oh right, said Harry.  His insides had come back again. It felt as though they had been filled with lead in their absence.  Completely forgetting about dinner, he walked slowly back up to Gryffindor Tower, Cho's voice echoing in his ears with every step he took. Cedric - Cedric Diggory. He had been starting to quite like Cedric - prepared to overlook the fact that he had once beaten him at Quidditch, and was handsome, and popular, and nearly everyone's favorite champion. Now he suddenly realized that Cedric was in fact a useless pretty boy who didn't have enough brains to fill an eggcup.  Fairy lights, he said dully to the Fat Lady - the password had been changed the previous day.  Yes, indeed, dear! she trilled, straightening her new tinsel hair band as she swung forward to admit him.  Entering the common room, Harry looked around, and to his surprise he saw Ron sitting ashen-faced in a distant corner. Ginny was sitting with him, talking to him in what seemed to be a low, soothing voice.  What's up, Ron? said Harry, joining them.  Ron looked up at Harry, a sort of blind horror in his face.  Why did I do it? he said wildly. I don't know what made me do it!  What? said Harry.  He - er - just asked Fleur Delacour to go to the ball with him, said Ginny. She looked as though she was fighting back a smile, but she kept patting Ron's arm sympathetically.  You what?' said Harry.  I don't know what made me do it! Ron gasped again. What was I playing at? There were people - all around - I've gone mad - everyone watching! I was just walking past her in the entrance hall - she was standing there talking to Diggory - and it sort of came over me - and I asked her!  Ron moaned and put his face in his hands. He kept talking, though the words were barely distinguishable.  She looked at me like I was a sea slug or something. Didn't even answer. And then - I dunno - I just sort of came to my senses and ran for it.  She's part veela, said Harry. You were right - her grandmother was one. It wasn't your fault, I bet you just walked past when she was turning on the old charm for Diggory and got a blast of it - but she was wasting her time. He's going with Cho Chang.  Ron looked up.  I asked her to go with me just now, Harry said dully, and she told me.  Ginny had suddenly stopped smiling.  This is mad, said Ron. We're the only ones left who haven't got anyone - well, except Neville. Hey - guess who he asked? Hermione!  What? said Harry, completely distracted by this startling news.  Yeah, I know! said Ron, some of the color coming back into his face as he started to laugh. He told me after Potions! Said she's always been really nice, helping him out with work and stuff- but she told him she was already going with someone. Ha! As if!  She just didn't want to go with Neville ... I mean, who would?  Don't! said Ginny, annoyed. Don't laugh -  Just then Hermione climbed in through the portrait hole.  Why weren't you two at dinner? she said, coming over to join them.  Because - oh shut up laughing, you two - because they've both just been turned down by girls they asked to the ball! said Ginny.  That shut Harry and Ron up.  Thanks a bunch, Ginny, said Ron sourly.  All the good-looking ones taken, Ron? said Hermione loftily. Eloise Midgen starting to look quite pretty now, is she? Well, I'm sure you'll find someone somewhere who'll have you.  But Ron was staring at Hermione as though suddenly seeing her in a whole new light.  Hermione, Neville's right - you are a girl. . . .  Oh well spotted, she said acidly.  Well - you can come with one of us!  No, I can't, snapped Hermione.  Oh come on, he said impatiently, we need partners, we're going to look really stupid if we haven't got any, everyone else has . . .  I can't come with you, said Hermione, now blushing, because I'm already going with someone.  No, you're not! said Ron. You just said that to get rid of Neville!  Oh did I? said Hermione, and her eyes flashed dangerously. Just because it's taken you three years to notice, Ron, doesn't mean no one else has spotted I'm a girl!  Ron stared at her. Then he grinned again.  Okay, okay, we know you're a girl, he said. That do? Will you come now?  I've already told you! Hermione said very angrily. I'm going with someone else!  And she stormed off toward the girls' dormitories again.  She's lying, said Ron flatly, watching her go.  She's not, said Ginny quietly.  Who is it then? said Ron sharply.  I'm not telling you, it's her business, said Ginny.  Right, said Ron, who looked extremely put out, this is getting stupid. Ginny, you can go with Harry, and I'll just -  I can't, said Ginny, and she went scarlet too. I'm going with - with Neville. He asked me when Hermione said no, and I thought. . . well. . . I'm not going to be able to go otherwise, I'm not in fourth year. She looked extremely miserable. I think I'll go and have dinner, she said, and she got up and walked off to the portrait hole, her head bowed.  Ron goggled at Harry.  What's got into them? he demanded.  But Harry had just seen Parvati and Lavender come in through the portrait hole. The time had come for drastic action.  Wait here, he said to Ron, and he stood up, walked straight up to Parvati, and said, Parvati? Will you go to the ball with me?  Parvati went into a fit of giggles. Harry waited for them to subside, his fingers crossed in the pocket of his robes.  Yes, all right then, she said finally, blushing furiously.  Thanks, said Harry, in relief. Lavender - will you go with Ron?  She's going with Seamus, said Parvati, and the pair of them giggled harder than ever.  Harry sighed.  Can't you think of anyone who'd go with Ron? he said, lowering his voice so that Ron wouldn't hear.  What about Hermione Granger? said Parvati.  She's going with someone else.  Parvati looked astonished.  Ooooh - who? she said keenly.  Harry shrugged. No idea, he said. So what about Ron?  Well. . . said Parvati slowly, I suppose my sister might. . . Padma, you know ... in Ravenclaw. I'll ask her if you like.  Yeah, that would be great, said Harry. Let me know, will you?  And he went back over to Ron, feeling that this ball was a lot more trouble than it was worth, and hoping very much that Padma Patil's nose was dead center.,80,Goblet of Fire,22
Goblet of Fire=  Despite the very heavy load of homework that the fourth years had been given for the holidays. Harry was in no mood to work when term ended, and spent the week leading up to Christmas enjoying himself as fully as possible along with everyone else. Gryffindor Tower was hardly less crowded now than during term-time	 it seemed to have shrunk slightly too, as its inhabitants were being so much rowdier than usual. Fred and George had had a great success with their Canary Creams, and for the first couple of days of the holidays, people kept bursting into feather all over the place. Before long, however, all the Gryffindors had learned to treat food anybody else offered them with extreme caution, in case it had a Canary Cream concealed in the center, and George confided to Harry that he and Fred were now working on developing something else. Harry made a mental note never to accept so much as a crisp from Fred and George in future. He still hadn't forgotten Dudley and the Ton-Tongue Toffee.  Snow was falling thickly upon the castle and its grounds now. The pale blue Beauxbatons carriage looked like a large, chilly, frosted pumpkin next to the iced gingerbread house that was Hagrid's cabin, while the Durmstrang ship's portholes were glazed with ice, the rigging white with frost. The house-elves down in the kitchen were outdoing themselves with a series of rich, warming stews and savory puddings, and only Fleur Delacour seemed to be able to find anything to complain about.  It is too 'eavy, all zis 'Ogwarts food, they heard her saying grumpily as they left the Great Hall behind her one evening (Ron skulking behind Harry, keen not to be spotted by Fleur). I will not fit into my dress robes!  Oooh there's a tragedy, Hermione snapped as Fleur went out into the entrance hall. She really thinks a lot of herself, that one, doesn't she?  Hermione - who are you going to the ball with? said Ron.  He kept springing this question on her, hoping to startle her into a response by asking it when she least expected it. However, Hermione merely frowned and said, I'm not telling you, you'll just make fun of me.  You're joking, Weasley! said Malfoy, behind them. You're not telling me someone's asked that to the ball? Not the long-molared Mudblood?  	 Harry and Ron both whipped around, but Hermione said loudly, waving to somebody over Malfoys shoulder, Hello, Professor Moody!  Malfoy went pale and jumped backward, looking wildly around for Moody, but he was still up at the staff table, finishing his stew.  Twitchy little ferret, aren't you, Malfoy? said Hermione scathingly, and she, Harry, and Ron went up the marble staircase laughing heartily.  Hermione, said Ron, looking sideways at her, suddenly frowning, your teeth ...  What about them? she said.  Well, they're different. . . I've just noticed. . . .  Of course they are - did you expect me to keep those fangs Malfoy gave me?  No, I mean, they're different to how they were before he put that hex on you. . . .  They're all... straight and - and normal-sized.  Hermione suddenly smiled very mischievously, and Harry noticed it too: It was a very different smile from the one he remembered.  Well. . . when I went up to Madam Pomfrey to get them shrunk, she held up a mirror and told me to stop her when they were back to how they normally were, she said. And I just. . . let her carry on a bit. She smiled even more widely. Mum and Dad won't be too pleased. I've been trying to persuade them to let me shrink them for ages, but they wanted me to carry on with my braces. You know, they're dentists, they just don't think teeth and magic should - look! Pigwidgeons back!  Ron's tiny owl was twittering madly on the top of the icicle-laden banisters, a scroll of parchment tied to his leg. People passing him were pointing and laughing, and a group of third-year girls paused and said, Oh look at the weeny owl! Isn't he cute?  Stupid little feathery git! Ron hissed, hurrying up the stairs and snatching up Pigwidgeon. You bring letters to the addressee! You don't hang around showing off!  Pigwidgeon hooted happily, his head protruding over Ron's fist. The third-year girls all looked very shocked.  Clear off! Ron snapped at them, waving the fist holding Pigwidgeon, who hooted more  happily than ever as he soared through the air. Here - take it, Harry, Ron added in an undertone as the third-year girls scuttled away looking scandalized. He pulled Sirius's reply off Pigwidgeons leg. Harry pocketed it, and they hurried back to Gryffindor Tower to read it.  Everyone in the common room was much too busy in letting off more holiday steam to observe what anyone else was up to. Ron, Harry, and Hermione sat apart from everyone else by a dark window that was gradually filling up with snow, and Harry read out:  Dear Harry, Congratulations on getting past the Horntail. Whoever put your name in that goblet shouldn't be feeling too happy right now! I was going to suggest a Conjunctivitus Curse, as a dragon's eyes are its weakest point - That's what Krum did! Hermione whispered -but your way was better, I'm impressed.  Don't get complacent, though. Harry. You've only done one task	 whoever put you in for the tournament's got plenty more opportunity if they're trying to hurt you. Keep your eyes open -particularly when the person we discussed is around and concentrate on keeping yourself out of trouble.  Keep in touch, I still want to hear about anything unusual.  Sirius He sounds exactly like Moody, said Harry quietly, tucking the letter away again inside his robes. 'Constant vigilance!' You'd think I walk around with my eyes shut, banging off the walls. ...  But he's right, Harry, said Hermione, you have still got two tasks to do. You really ought to have a look at that egg, you know, and start working out what it means. . . .  Hermione, he's got ages! snapped Ron. Want a game of chess, Harry?  Yeah, okay, said Harry. Then, spotting the look on Hermione's face, he said, Come on, how'm I supposed to concentrate with all this noise going on? I won't even be able to hear the egg over this lot.  Oh I suppose not, she sighed, and she sat down to watch their chess match, which culminated in an exciting checkmate of Ron's, involving a couple of recklessly brave pawns and a very violent bishop.  Harry awoke very suddenly on Christmas Day. Wondering what had caused his abrupt return to consciousness, he opened his eyes, and saw something with very large, round, green eyes staring back at him in the darkness, so close they were almost nose to nose.  Dobby! Harry yelled, scrambling away from the elf so fast he almost fell out of bed.  Don't do that!  Dobby is sorry, sir! squeaked Dobby anxiously, jumping backward with his long fingers over his mouth. Dobby is only wanting to wish Harry Potter 'Merry Christmas' and bring him a present, Sir! Harry Potter did say Dobby could come and see him sometimes, sir!  It's okay, said Harry, still breathing rather faster than usual, while his heart rate returned to normal. Just - just prod me or something in future, all right, don't bend over me like that. ..  Harry pulled back the curtains around his four-poster, took his glasses from his bedside table, and put them on. His yell had awoken Ron, Seamus, Dean, and Neville. All of them were peering through the gaps in their own hangings, heavy-eyed and tousle-haired.  Someone attacking you, Harry? Seamus asked sleepily.  No, it's just Dobby, Harry muttered. Go back to sleep.  Nah . . . presents! said Seamus, spotting the large pile at the foot of his bed. Ron, Dean, and Neville decided that now they were awake they might as well get down to some present-opening too. Harry turned back to Dobby, who was now standing nervously next to Harrys bed, still looking worried that he had upset Harry. There was a Christmas bauble tied to the loop on top of his tea cozy.  Can Dobby give Harry Potter his present? he squeaked tentatively.  'Course you can, said Harry. Er. . . I've got something for you too.  It was a lie	 he hadn't bought anything for Dobby at all, but he quickly opened his trunk and pulled out a particularly knobbly rolled-up pair of socks. They were his oldest and foulest, mustard yellow, and had once belonged to Uncle Vernon. The reason they were extra-knobbly was that Harry had been using them to cushion his Sneakoscope for over a year now. He pulled out the Sneako-scope and handed the socks to Dobby, saying, Sorry, I forgot to wrap them...  But Dobby was utterly delighted.  Socks are Dobby's favorite, favorite clothes, sir! he said, ripping off his odd ones and pulling on Uncle Vernon's. I has seven now, sir. . . . But sir ... he said, his eyes widening, having pulled both socks up to their highest extent, so that they reached to the bottom of his shorts, they has made a mistake in the shop, Harry Potter, they is giving you two the same!  Ah, no, Harry, how come you didn't spot that? said Ron, grinning over from his own bed, which was now strewn with wrapping paper. Tell you what, Dobby - here you go - take these two, and you can mix them up properly. And here's your sweater.  He threw Dobby a pair of violet socks he had just unwrapped, and the hand-knitted sweater Mrs. Weasley had sent, Dobby looked quite overwhelmed.  Sir is very kind! he squeaked, his eyes brimming with tears again, bowing deeply to Ron. Dobby knew sir must be a great wizard, for he is Harry Potter's greatest friend, but Dobby did not know that he was also as generous of spirit, as noble, as selfless -  They're only socks, said Ron, who had gone slightly pink around the ears, though he looked rather pleased all the same. Wow, Harry - He had just opened Harry's present, a Chudley Cannon hat. Cool! He jammed it onto his head, where it clashed horribly with his hair.  Dobby now handed Harry a small package, which turned out to be - socks.  Dobby is making them himself, sir! the elf said happily. He is buying the wool out of his wages, sir!  The left sock was bright red and had a pattern of broomsticks upon it	 the right sock was green with a pattern of Snitches.  They're . . . they're really . . . well, thanks, Dobby, said Harry, and he pulled them on, causing Dobby's eyes to leak with happiness again.  Dobby must go now, sir, we is already making Christmas dinner in the kitchens! said Dobby, and he hurried out of the dormitory, waving good-bye to Ron and the others as he passed.  Harry's other presents were much more satisfactory than Dobby's odd socks - with the obvious exception of the Dursleys', which consisted of a single tissue, an all-time low -Harry supposed they too were remember ing the Ton-Tongue Toffee. Hermione had given Harry a book called Quidditch Teams of Britain and Ireland	 Ron, a bulging bag of Dungbombs	 Sirius, a handy penknife with attachments to unlock any lock and undo any knot	 and Hagrid, a vast box of sweets including all Harrys favorites: Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans, Chocolate Frogs, Drooble's Best Blowing Gum, and Fizzing Whizbees.  There was also, of course, Mrs. Weasley's usual package, including a new sweater (green, with a picture of a dragon on it - Harry supposed Charlie had told her all about the Horntail), and a large quantity of homemade mince pies.  Harry and Ron met up with Hermione in the common room, and they went down to breakfast together. They spent most of the morning in Gryffindor Tower, where everyone was enjoying their presents, then returned to the Great Hall for a magnificent lunch, which included at least a hundred turkeys and Christmas puddings, and large piles of Cribbage's Wizarding Crackers.  They went out onto the grounds in the afternoon	 the snow was untouched except for the deep channels made by the Durmstrang and Beauxbatons students on their way up to the castle. Hermione chose to watch Harry and the Weasleys' snowball fight rather than join in, and at five o'clock said she was going back upstairs to get ready for the ball.  What, you need three hours? said Ron, looking at her incredulously and paying for his lapse in concentration when a large snowball, thrown by George, hit him hard on the side of the head. Who're you going with? he yelled after Hermione, but she just waved and disappeared up the stone steps into the castle.  There was no Christmas tea today, as the ball included a feast, so at seven o'clock, when it had become hard to aim properly, the others abandoned their snowball fight and trooped back to the common room. The Fat Lady was sitting in her frame with her friend Violet from downstairs, both of them extremely tipsy, empty boxes of chocolate liqueurs littering the bottom other picture.  Lairy fights, that's the one! she giggled when they gave the password, and she swung forward to let them inside.  Harry, Ron, Seamus, Dean, and Neville changed into their dress robes up in their dormitory, all of them looking very self-conscious, but none as much as Ron, who surveyed himself in the long mirror in the corner with an appalled look on his face. There was  just no getting around the fact that his robes looked more like a dress than anything else. In a desperate attempt to make them look more manly, he used a Severing Charm on the ruff and cuffs. It worked fairly well	 at least he was now lace-free, although he hadn't done a very neat job, and the edges still looked depressingly frayed as the boys set off downstairs.  I still can't work out how you two got the best-looking girls in the year, muttered Dean.  Animal magnetism, said Ron gloomily, pulling stray threads out of his cuffs.  The common room looked strange, full of people wearing different colors instead of the usual mass of black. Parvati was waiting for Harry at the foot of the stairs. She looked very pretty indeed, in robes of shocking pink, with her long dark plait braided with gold, and gold bracelets glimmering at her wrists. Harry was relieved to see that she wasn't giggling.  You - er - look nice, he said awkwardly.  Thanks, she said. Padma's going to meet you in the entrance hall, she added to Ron.  Right, said Ron, looking around. Where's Hermione?  Parvati shrugged. Shall we go down then, Harry?  Okay, said Harry, wishing he could just stay in the common room. Fred winked at Harry as he passed him on the way out of the portrait hole.  The entrance hall was packed with students too, all milling around waiting for eight o'clock, when the doors to the Great Hall would be thrown open. Those people who were meeting partners from different Houses were edging through the crowd trying to find one another. Parvati found her sister, Padma, and led her over to Harry and Ron.  Hi, said Padma, who was looking just as pretty as Parvati in robes of bright turquoise.  She didn't look too enthusiastic about having Ron as a partner, though	 her dark eyes lingered on the frayed neck and sleeves of his dress robes as she looked him up and down.  Hi, said Ron, not looking at her, but staring around at the crowd. Oh no ...  He bent his knees slightly to hide behind Harry, because Fleur Delacour was passing, looking stunning in robes of silver-gray satin, and accompanied by the Ravenclaw Quidditch captain, Roger Davies. When they had disappeared, Ron stood straight again and stared over the heads of the crowd.  Where is Hermione? he said again.  A group of Slytherins came up the steps from their dungeon common room. Malfoy was in front	 he was wearing dress robes of black velvet with a high collar, which in Harry's opinion made him look like a vicar. Pansy Parkinson in very frilly robes of pale pink was clutching Malfoy's arm. Crabbe and Goyle were both wearing green	 they resembled moss-colored boulders, and neither of them, Harry was pleased to see, had managed to find a partner.  The oak front doors opened, and everyone turned to look as the Durmstrang students entered with Professor Karkaroff. Krum was at the front of the party, accompanied by a pretty girl in blue robes Harry didn't know. Over their heads he saw that an area of lawn right in front of the castle had been transformed into a sort of grotto full of fairy lights - meaning hundreds of actual living fairies were sitting in the rosebushes that had been conjured there, and fluttering over the statues of what seemed to be Father Christmas and his reindeer.  Then Professor McGonagall's voice called, Champions over here, please!  Parvati readjusted her bangles, beaming
Goblet of Fire=  Everybody got up late on Boxing Day. The Gryffindor common room was much quieter than it had been lately, many yawns punctuating the lazy conversations. Hermione's hair was bushy again	 she confessed to Harry that she had used liberal amounts of Sleekeazy's Hair Potion on it for the ball, but it's way too much bother to do every day, she said matter-of-factly, scratching a purring Crookshanks behind the ears.  Ron and Hermione seemed to have reached an unspoken agreement not to discuss theirargument. They were being quite friendly to each other, though oddly formal. Ron and Harry wasted no time in telling Hermione about the conversation they had overheard between Madame Maxime and Hagrid, but Hermione didn't seem to find the news that Hagrid was a half-giant nearly as shocking as Ron did.  Well, I thought he must be, she said, shrugging. I knew he couldn't be pure giant because they're about twenty feet tall. But honestly, all this hysteria about giants.  They can't all be horrible. . . . It's the same sort of prejudice that people have toward werewolves. . . . It's just bigotry, isn't it?  Ron looked as though he would have liked to reply scathingly, but perhaps he didn't want another row, because he contented himself with shaking his head disbelievingly while Hermione wasn't looking.  It was time now to think of the homework they had neglected during the first week of the holidays. Everybody seemed to be feeling rather flat now that Christmas was over -everybody except Harry, that is, who was starting (once again) to feel slightly nervous.  The trouble was that February the twenty-fourth looked a lot closer from this side of Christmas, and he still hadn't done anything about working out the clue inside the golden egg. He therefore started taking the egg out of his trunk every time he went up to the dormitory, opening it, and listening intently, hoping that this time it would make some sense. He strained to think what the sound reminded him of, apart from thirty musical saws, but he had never heard anything else like it. He closed the egg, shook it vigorously, and opened it again to see if the sound had changed, but it hadn't. He tried asking the egg questions, shouting over all the wailing, but nothing happened. He even threw the egg across the room - though he hadn't really expected that to help.  Harry had not forgotten the hint that Cedric had given him, but his less-than-friendly feelings toward Cedric just now meant that he was keen not to take his help if he could avoid it. In any case, it seemed to him that if Cedric had really wanted to give Harry a hand, he would have been a lot more explicit. He, Harry, had told Cedric exactly what was coming in the first task - and Cedric's idea of a fair exchange had been to tell Harry to take a bath. Well, he didn't need that sort of rubbishy help - not from someone who kept walking down corridors hand in hand with Cho, anyway. And so the first day of the new term arrived, and Harry set off to lessons, weighed down with books, parchment, and quills as usual, but also with the lurking worry of the egg heavy in his stomach, as though he were carrying that around with him too.  Snow was still thick upon the grounds, and the greenhouse windows were covered in condensation so thick that they couldn't see out of them in Herbology. Nobody was looking forward to Care of Magical Creatures much in this weather, though as Ron said, the skrewts would probably warm them up nicely, either by chasing them, or blasting off so forcefully that Hagrid's cabin would catch fire.  When they arrived at Hagrid 's cabin, however, they found an elderly witch with closely cropped gray hair and a very prominent chin standing before his front door.  Hurry up, now, the bell rang five minutes ago, she barked at them as they struggled toward her through the snow.  Who're you? said Ron, staring at her. Wheres Hagrid?  My name is Professor Grubbly-Plank, she said briskly. I am your temporary Care of Magical Creatures teacher.  Where's Hagrid? Harry repeated loudly.  He is indisposed, said Professor Grubbly-Plank shortly.  Soft and unpleasant laughter reached Harrys ears. He turned	 Draco Malfoy and the rest of the Slytherins were joining the class. All of them looked gleeful, and none of them looked surprised to see Professor Grubbly-Plank.  This way, please, said Professor Grubbly-Plank, and she strode off around the paddock where the Beauxbatons horses were shivering. Harry, Ron, and Hermione followed her, looking back over their shoulders at Hagrid's cabin. All the curtains were closed. Was Hagrid in there, alone and ill?  What's wrong with Hagrid? Harry said, hurrying to catch up with Professor Grubbly-Plank.  Never you mind, she said as though she thought he was being nosy.  I do mind, though, said Harry hotly. What's up with him?  Professor Grubbly-Plank acted as though she couldn't hear him. She led them past the paddock where the huge Beauxbatons horses were standing, huddled against the cold, and toward a tree on the edge of the forest, where a large and beautiful unicorn was  tethered.  Many of the girls ooooohed! at the sight of the unicorn.  Oh it's so beautiful! whispered Lavender Brown. How did she get it? They're supposed to be really hard to catch!  The unicorn was so brightly white it made the snow all around look gray. It was pawing the ground nervously with its golden hooves and throwing back its horned head.  Boys keep back! barked Professor Grubbly-Plank, throwing out an arm and catching Harry hard in the chest. They prefer the woman's touch, unicorns. Girls to the front, and approach with care, come on, easy does it. ...  She and the girls walked slowly forward toward the unicorn, leaving the boys standing near the paddock fence, watching. The moment Professor Grubbly-Plank was out of earshot.  Harry turned to Ron.  What d'you reckons wrong with him? You don't think a skrewt - ?  Oh he hasn't been attacked, Potter, if that's what you're thinking, said Malfoy softly.  No, he's just too ashamed to show his big, ugly face.  What d'you mean? said Harry sharply.  Malfoy put his hand inside the pocket of his robes and pulled out a folded page of newsprint.  There you go, he said. Hate to break it to you. Potter. ...  He smirked as Harry snatched the page, unfolded it, and read it, with Ron, Seamus, Dean, and Neville looking over his shoulder. It was an article topped with a picture of Hagrid looking extremely shifty.  DUMBLEDORE'S GIANT MISTAKE Albus Dumbledore, eccentric Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, has never been afraid to make controversial staff appointments, writes Rita Skeeter, Special Correspondent. In September of this year, he hired Alastor Mad-Eye Moody, the notoriously jinx-happy ex-Auror, to teach Defense Against the Dark Arts, a decision that caused many raised eyebrows at the Ministry of Magic, given Moody's well-known habit of attacking anybody who makes a sudden movement in his presence. Mad-Eye Moody, however, looks responsible and kindly when set beside the part-human Dumbledore employs to teach Care of Magical Creatures.  Rubeus Hagrid, who admits to being expelled from Hogwarts in his third year, has enjoyed the position of gamekeeper at the school ever since, a job secured for him by Dumbledore.  Last year, however, Hagrid used his mysterious influence over the headmaster to secure the additional post of Care of Magical Creatures teacher, over the heads of many better-qualified candidates.  An alarmingly large and ferocious-looking man, Hagrid has been using his newfound authority to terrify the students in his care with a succession of horrific creatures.  While Dumbledore turns a blind eye, Hagrid has maimed several pupils during a series of lessons that many admit to being very frightening.  'I was attacked by a hippogriff, and my friend Vincent Crabbe got a bad bite off a flobberworm, says Draco Malfoy, a fourth-year student. We all hate Hagrid, but we're just too scared to say anything.  Hagrid has no intention of ceasing his campaign of intimidation, however. In conversation with a Daily Prophet reporter last month, he admitted breeding creatures he has dubbed Blast-Ended Skrewts, highly dangerous crosses between manti-cores and fire-crabs. The creation of new breeds of magical creature is, of course, an activity usually closely observed by the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures. Hagrid, however, considers himself to be above such petty restrictions.  I was just having some fun, he says, before hastily changing the subject.  As if this were not enough, the Daily Prophet has now unearthed evidence that Hagrid is not - as he has always pretended - a pure-blood wizard. He is not, in fact, even pure human. His mother, we can exclusively reveal, is none other than the giantess Fridwulfa, whose whereabouts are currently unknown.  Bloodthirsty and brutal, the giants brought themselves to the point of extinction by warring amongst themselves during the last century. The handful that remained joined the ranks of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named, and were responsible for some of the worst mass Muggle killings of his reign of terror.  While many of the giants who served He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named were killed by Aurors  working against the Dark Side, Fridwulfa was not among them. It is possible she escaped to one of the giant communities still existing in foreign mountain ranges. If his antics during Care of Magical Creatures lessons are any guide, however, Frid-wulfa's son appears to have inherited her brutal nature.  In a bizarre twist, Hagrid is reputed to have developed a close friendship with the boy who brought around You-Know-Who's fall from power - thereby driving Hagrid's own mother, like the rest of You-Know-Who's supporters, into hiding. Perhaps Harry Potter is unaware of the unpleasant truth about his large friend - but Albus Dumbledore surely has a duty to ensure that Harry Potter, along with his fellow students, is warned about the dangers of associating with part-giants.  Harry finished reading and looked up at Ron, whose mouth was hanging open.  How did she find out? he whispered.  But that wasn't what was bothering Harry.  What d'you mean, 'we all hate Hagrid'? Harry spat at Malfoy. What's this rubbish about him - he pointed at Crabbe - getting a bad bite off a flobberworm? They haven't even got teeth!  Crabbe was sniggering, apparently very pleased with himself.  Well, I think this should put an end to the oaf's teaching career, said Malfoy, his eyes glinting. Half-giant. . . and there was me thinking he'd just swallowed a bottle of Skele-Gro when he was young. ... None of the mummies and daddies are going to like this at all. ... They'll be worried he'll eat their kids, ha, ha. ...  You-  Are you paying attention over there?  Professor Grubbly-Planks voice carried over to the boys	 the girls were all clustered around the unicorn now, stroking it. Harry was so angry that the Daily Prophet article shook in his hands as he turned to stare unseeingly at the unicorn, whose many magical properties Professor Grubbly-Plank was now enumerating in a loud voice, so that the boys could hear too.  I hope she stays, that woman! said Parvati Patil when the lesson had ended and they were all heading back to the castle for lunch. That's more what I thought Care of Magical Creatures would be like . . . proper creatures like unicorns, not monsters. . .  .  What about Hagrid? Harry said angrily as they went up the steps.  What about him? said Parvati in a hard voice. He can still be gamekeeper, can't he?  Parvati had been very cool toward Harry since the ball. He supposed that he ought to have paid her a bit more attention, but she seemed to have had a good time all the same.  She was certainly telling anybody who would listen that she had made arrangements to meet the boy from Beauxbatons in Hogsmeade on the next weekend trip.  That was a really good lesson, said Hermione as they entered the Great Hall. I didn't know half the things Professor Grubbly-Plank told us about uni -  Look at this! Harry snarled, and he shoved the Daily Prophet article under Hermione's nose.  Hermione's mouth fell open as she read. Her reaction was exactly the same as Ron's.  How did that horrible Skeeter woman find out? You don't think Hagrid told her?  No, said Harry, leading the way over to the Gryffindor table and throwing himself into a chair, furious. He never even told us, did he? I reckon she was so mad he wouldn't give her loads of horrible stuff about me, she went ferreting around to get him back.  Maybe she heard him telling Madame Maxime at the ball, said Hermione quietly.  We'd have seen her in the garden! said Ron. Anyway, she's not supposed to come into school anymore, Hagrid said Dumbledore banned her. . . .  Maybe she's got an Invisibility Cloak, said Harry, ladling chicken casserole onto his plate and splashing it everywhere in his anger. Sort of thing she'd do, isn't it, hide in bushes listening to people.  Like you and Ron did, you mean, said Hermione.  We weren't trying to hear him! said Ron indignantly. We didn't have any choice! The stupid prat, talking about his giantess mother where anyone could have heard him!  We've got to go and see him, said Harry. This evening, after Divination. Tell him we want him back . . . you do want him back? he shot at Hermione.  I - well, I'm not going to pretend it didn't make a nice change, having a proper Care of Magical Creatures lesson for once - but I do want Hagrid back, of course I do! Hermione  added hastily, quailing under Harry's furious stare.  So that evening after dinner, the three of them left the castle once more and went down through the frozen grounds to Hagrid's cabin. They knocked, and Fang's booming barks answered.  Hagrid, it's us! Harry shouted, pounding on the door. Open up!  Hagrid didn't answer. They could hear Fang scratching at the door, whining, but it didn't open. They hammered on it for ten more minutes	 Ron even went and banged on one of the windows, but there was no response.  What's he avoiding us for? Hermione said when they had finally given up and were walking back to the school. He surely doesn't think we'd care about him being half-giant?  But it seemed that Hagrid did care. They didn't see a sign of him all week. He didn't appear at the staff table at mealtimes, they didn't see him going about his gamekeeper duties on the grounds, and Professor Grubbly-Plank continued to take the Care of Magical Creatures classes. Malfoy was gloating at every possible opportunity.  Missing your half-breed pal? he kept whispering to Harry whenever there was a teacher around, so that he was safe from Harry's retaliation. Missing the elephant-man?  There was a Hogsmeade visit halfway through January. Hermione was very surprised that Harry was going to go.  I just thought you'd want to take advantage of the common room being quiet, she said.  Really get to work on that egg.  Oh I - I reckon I've got a pretty good idea what it's about now, Harry lied.  Have you really? said Hermione, looking impressed. Well done!  Harrys insides gave a guilty squirm, but he ignored them. He still had five weeks to work out that egg clue, after all, and that was ages. . . whereas if he went into Hogsmeade, he might run into Hagrid, and get a chance to persuade him to come back.  He, Ron, and Hermione left the castle together on Saturday and set off through the cold, wet grounds toward the gates. As they passed the Durmstrang ship moored in the lake, they saw Viktor Krum emerge onto the deck, dressed in nothing but swimming trunks. He was very skinny indeed, but apparently a lot tougher than he looked, because he climbed up onto the side of the ship, stretched out his arms, and dived, right into the lake.  He's mad! said Harry, staring at Krums dark head as it bobbed out into the middle of the lake. It must be freezing, it's January!  It's a lot colder where he comes from, said Hermione. I suppose it feels quite warm to him.  Yeah, but there's still the giant squid, said Ron. He didn't sound anxious - if anything, he sounded hopeful. Hermione noticed his tone of voice and frowned.  He's really nice, you know, she said. He's not at all like you'd think, coming from Durmstrang. He likes it much better here, he told me.  Ron said nothing. He hadn't mentioned Viktor Krum since the ball, but Harry had found a miniature arm under his bed on Boxing Day, which had looked very much as though it had been snapped off a small model figure wearing Bulgarian Quidditch robes.  Harry kept his eyes skinned for a sign of Hagrid all the way down the slushy High Street, and suggested a visit to the Three Broomsticks once he had ascertained that Hagrid was not in any of the shops.  The pub was as crowded as ever, but one quick look around at all the tables told Harry that Hagrid wasn't there. Heart sinking, he went up to the bar with Ron and Hermione, ordered three butterbeers from Madam Rosmerta, and thought gloomily that he might just as well have stayed behind and listened to the egg wailing after all.  Doesn't he ever go into the office? Hermione whispered suddenly. Look!  She pointed into the mirror behind the bar, and Harry saw Ludo Bagman reflected there, sitting in a shadowy corner with a bunch of goblins. Bagman was talking very fast in a low voice to the goblins, all of whom had their arms crossed and were looking rather menacing.  It was indeed odd. Harry thought, that Bagman was here at the Three Broomsticks on a weekend when there was no Triwizard event, and therefore no judging to be done. He watched Bagman in the mirror. He was looking strained again, quite as strained as he had that night in the forest before the Dark Mark had appeared. But just then Bagman glanced over at the bar, saw Harry, and stood up.  In a moment, in a moment! Harry heard him say brusquely to the goblins, and Bagman hurried through the pub toward Harry, his boyish grin back in place.  Harry! he said. How are you? Been hoping to run into you! Everything going all right?  Fine, thanks, said Harry.  Wonder if I could have a quick, private word, Harry? said Bagman eagerly. You couldn't give us a moment, you two, could you?  Er - okay, said Ron, and he and Hermione went off to find a table.  Bagman led Harry along the bar to the end furthest from Madam Rosmerta.  Well, I just thought I'd congratulate you again on your splendid performance against that Horntail, Harry, said Bagman. Really superb.  Thanks, said Harry, but he knew this couldn't be all that Bagman wanted to say, because he could have congratulated Harry in front of Ron and Hermione. Bagman didn't seem in any particular rush to spill the beans, though. Harry saw him glance into the mirror over the bar at the goblins, who were all watching him and Harry in silence through their dark, slanting eyes.  Absolute nightmare, said Bagman to Harry in an undertone, noticing Harry watching the goblins too. Their English isn't too good . . . it's like being back with all the Bulgarians at the Quidditch World Cup . . . but at least they used sign language another human could recognize. This lot keep gabbling in Gobblede-gook . . . and I only know one word of Gobbledegook. Bladvak. It means 'pickax.' I don't like to use it in case they think I'm threatening them.  He gave a short, booming laugh.  What do they want? Harry said, noticing how the goblins were still watching Bagman very closely.  Er - well. . . said Bagman, looking suddenly nervous. They ... er ... they're looking for Barty Crouch.  Why are they looking for him here? said Harry. He's at the Ministry in London, isn't he?  Er ... as a matter of fact, I've no idea where he is, said Bagman. He's sort of...  stopped coming to work. Been absent for a couple of weeks now. Young Percy, his assistant, says he's ill. Apparently he's just been sending instructions in by owl. But would you mind not mentioning that to anyone. Harry? Because Rita Skeeter's still poking around everywhere she can, and I'm willing to bet she'd work up Bartys illness into something sinister. Probably say he's gone missing like Bertha Jorkins.  Have you heard anything about Bertha Jorkins? Harry asked.  No, said Bagman, looking strained again. I've got people looking, of course ...  (About time, thought Harry) and it's all very strange. She definitely arrived in Albania, because she met her second cousin there. And then she left the cousin's house to go south and see an aunt. . . and she seems to have vanished without trace en route.  Blowed if I can see where she's got to ... she doesn't seem the type to elope, for instance . . . but still. . . . What are we doing, talking about goblins and Bertha Jorkins? I really wanted to ask you - he lowered his voice - how are you getting on with your golden egg?  Er . . . not bad, Harry said untruthfully.  Bagman seemed to know he wasn't being honest.  Listen, Harry, he said (still in a very low voice), I feel very bad about all this . .  . you were thrown into this tournament, you didn't volunteer for it... and if. . . (his voice was so quiet now, Harry had to lean closer to listen) if I can help at all... a prod in the right direction . . . I've taken a liking to you . . . the way you got past that dragon! . . . well, just say the word.  Harry stared up into Bagman's round, rosy face and his wide, baby-blue eyes.  We're supposed to work out the clues alone, aren't we? he said, careful to keep his voice casual and not sound as though he was accusing the head of the Department of Magical Games and Sports of breaking the rules.  Well. . . well, yes, said Bagman impatiently, but - come on. Harry - we all want a Hogwarts victory, don't we?  Have you offered Cedric help? Harry said.  The smallest of frowns creased Bagman's smooth face. No, I haven't, he said. I -well, like I say, I've taken a liking to you. Just thought I'd offer ...  Well, thanks, said Harry, but I think I'm nearly there with the egg . . . couple more days should crack it.  He wasn't entirely sure why he was refusing Bagman's help, except that Bagman was almost a stranger to him, and accepting his assistance would feel somehow much more like  cheating than asking advice from Ron, Hermione, or Sirius.  Bagman looked almost affronted, but couldn't say much more as Fred and George turned up at that point.  Hello, Mr. Bagman, said Fred brightly. Can we buy you a drink?  Er . . . no, said Bagman, with a last disappointed glance at Harry, no, thank you, boys ...  Fred and George looked quite as disappointed as Bagman, who was surveying Harry as though he had let him down badly.  Well, I must dash, he said. Nice seeing you all. Good luck, Harry.  He hurried out of the pub. The goblins all slid off their chairs and exited after him.  Harry went to rejoin Ron and Hermione.  What did he want? Ron said, the moment Harry had sat down.  He offered to help me with the golden egg, said Harry.  He shouldn't be doing that! said Hermione, looking very shocked. He's one of the judges! And anyway, you've already worked it out - haven't you?  Er . . . nearly, said Harry.  Well, I don't think Dumbledore would like it if he knew Bagman was trying to persuade you to cheat! said Hermione, still looking deeply disapproving. I hope he's trying to help Cedric as much!  He's not, I asked, said Harry.  Who cares if Diggorys getting help? said Ron. Harry privately agreed.  Those goblins didn't look very friendly, said Hermione, sipping her butterbeer. What were they doing here?  Looking for Crouch, according to Bagman, said Harry. He's still ill. Hasn't been into work.  Maybe Percys poisoning him, said Ron. Probably thinks if Crouch snuffs it he'll be made head of the Department of International Magical Cooperation.  Hermione gave Ron a don't-joke-about-things-like-that look, and said, Funny, goblins looking for Mr. Crouch. . . . They'd normally deal with the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures.  Crouch can speak loads of different languages, though, said Harry. Maybe they need an interpreter.  Worrying about poor 'ickle goblins, now, are you? Ron asked Hermione. Thinking of starting up S.P.U.G. or something? Society for the Protection of Ugly Goblins?  Ha, ha, ha, said Hermione sarcastically. Goblins don't need protection. Haven't you been listening to what Professor Binns has been telling us about goblin rebellions?  No, said Harry and Ron together.  Well, the/re quite capable of dealing with wizards, said Hermione, taking another sip of butterbeer. They're very clever. They're not like house-elves, who never stick up for themselves.  Uh-oh, said Ron, staring at the door.  Rita Skeeter had just entered. She was wearing banana-yellow robes today	 her long nails were painted shocking pink, and she was accompanied by her paunchy photographer. She bought drinks, and she and the photographer made their way through the crowds to a table nearby. Harry, Ron, and Hermione glaring at her as she approached. She was talking fast and looking very satisfied about something.  ... didn't seem very keen to talk to us, did he, Bozo? Now, why would that be, do you think? And what's he doing with a pack of goblins in tow anyway? Showing them the sights . .. what nonsense ... he was always a bad liar. Reckon something's up? Think we should do a bit of digging? 'Disgraced Ex-Head of Magical Games and Sports, Ludo Bagman . . .' Snappy start to a sentence, Bozo - we just need to find a story to fit it -  Trying to ruin someone else's life? said Harry loudly.  A few people looked around. Rita Skeeter's eyes widened behind her jeweled spectacles as she saw who had spoken.  Harry! she said, beaming. How lovely! Why don't you come and join- ?  I wouldn't come near you with a ten-foot broomstick, said Harry furiously. What did you do that to Hagrid for, eh?  Rita Skeeter raised her heavily penciled eyebrows.  Our readers have a right to the truth, Harry. I am merely doing my-  Who cares if he's half-giant? Harry shouted. There's nothing wrong with him!  The whole pub had gone very quiet. Madam Rosmerta was staring over from behind the bar,  apparently oblivious to the fact that the flagon she was filling with mead was overflowing.  Rita Skeeters smile flickered very slightly, but she hitched it back almost at once	 she snapped open her crocodile-skin handbag, pulled out her Quick-Quotes Quill, and said, How about giving me an interview about the Hagrid you know. Harry? The man behind the muscles? Your unlikely friendship and the reasons behind it. Would you call him a father substitute?  Hermione stood up very abruptly, her butterbeer clutched in her hand as though it were a grenade.  You horrible woman, she said, through gritted teeth, you don't care, do you, anything for a story, and anyone will do, wont they? Even Ludo Bagman -  Sit down, you silly little girl, and don't talk about things you don't understand, said Rita Skeeter coldly, her eyes hardening as they fell on Hermione. I know things about Ludo Bagman that would make your hair curl... not that it needs it - she added, eyeing Hermione's bushy hair.  Let's go, said Hermione, c'mon. Harry - Ron . ..  They left	 many people were staring at them as they went. Harry glanced back as they reached the door. Rita Skeeter's Quick-Quotes Quill was out	 it was zooming backward and forward over a piece of parchment on the table.  She'll be after you next, Hermione, said Ron in a low and worried voice as they walked quickly back up the street.  Let her try! said Hermione defiantly	 she was shaking with rage. I'll show her! Silly little girl, am I? Oh, I'll get her back for this. First Harry, then Hagrid ...  You don't want to go upsetting Rita Skeeter, said Ron nervously. I'm serious, Hermione, she'll dig up something on you -  My parents don't read the Daily Prophet. She can't scare me into hiding! said Hermione, now striding along so fast that it was all Harry and Ron could do to keep up with her. The last time Harry had seen Hermione in a rage like this, she had hit Draco Malfoy around the face. And Hagrid isn't hiding anymore! He should never have let that excuse for a human being upset him! Come on!  Breaking into a run, she led them all the way back up the road, through the gates flanked by winged boars, and up through the grounds to Hagrid's cabin.  The curtains were still drawn, and they could hear Fang barking as they approached.  Hagrid! Hermione shouted, pounding on his front door. Hagrid, that's enough! We know you're in there! Nobody cares if your mum was a giantess, Hagrid! You can't let that foul Skeeter woman do this to you! Hagrid, get out here, you're just being -  The door opened. Hermione said, About t-! and then stopped, very suddenly, because she had found herself face-to-face, not with Hagrid, but with Albus Dumbledore.  Good afternoon, he said pleasantly, smiling down at them.  We-er-we wanted to see Hagrid, said Hermione in a rather small voice.  Yes, I surmised as much, said Dumbledore, his eyes twinkling. Why don't you come in?  Oh . . . um ... okay, said Hermione.  She, Ron, and Harry went into the cabin	 Fang launched himself upon Harry the moment he entered, barking madly and trying to lick his ears. Harry fended off Fang and looked around.  Hagrid was sitting at his table, where there were two large mugs of tea. He looked a real mess. His face was blotchy, his eyes swollen, and he had gone to the other extreme where his hair was concerned	 far from trying to make it behave, it now looked like a wig of tangled wire.  Hi, Hagrid, said Harry.  Hagrid looked up.  'Lo, he said in a very hoarse voice.  More tea, I think, said Dumbledore, closing the door behind Harry, Ron, and Hermione, drawing out his wand, and twiddling it	 a revolving tea tray appeared in midair along with a plate of cakes. Dumbledore magicked the tray onto the table, and everybody sat down. There was a slight pause, and then Dumbledore said, Did you by any chance hear what Miss Granger was shouting, Hagrid?  Hermione went slightly pink, but Dumbledore smiled at her and continued, Hermione, Harry, and Ron still seem to want to know you, judging by the way they were attempting to break down the door.  Of course we still want to know you! Harry said, staring at Hagrid. You don't think  anything that Skeeter cow - sorry, Professor, he added quickly, looking at Dumbledore.  I have gone temporarily deaf and haven't any idea what you said. Harry, said Dumbledore, twiddling his thumbs and staring at the ceiling.  Er-right, said Harry sheepishly. I just meant-Hagrid, how could you think we'd care what that-woman-wrote about you?  Two fat tears leaked out of Hagrid's beetle-black eyes and fell slowly into his tangled beard.  Living proof of what I've been telling you, Hagrid, said Dumbledore, still looking carefully up at the ceiling. I have shown you the letters from the countless parents who remember you from their own days here, telling me in no uncertain terms that if I sacked you, they would have something to say about it -  Not all of 'em, said Hagrid hoarsely. Not all of 'em wan me ter stay.  Really, Hagrid, if you are holding out for universal popularity, I'm afraid you will be in this cabin for a very long time, said Dumbledore, now peering sternly over his half-moon spectacles. Not a week has passed since I became headmaster of this school when I haven't had at least one owl complaining about the way I run it. But what should I do? Barricade myself in my study and refuse to talk to anybody?  Yeh - yeh're not half-giant! said Hagrid croakily.  Hagrid, look what I've got for relatives! Harry said furiously. Look at the Dursleys!  An excellent point, said Professor Dumbledore. My own brother, Aberforth, was prosecuted for practicing inappropriate charms on a goat. It was all over the papers, but did Aberforth hide? No, he did not! He held his head high and went about his business as usual! Of course, I'm not entirely sure he can read, so that may not have been bravery. . ..  Come back and teach, Hagrid, said Hermione quietly, please come back, we really miss you.  Hagrid gulped. More tears leaked out down his cheeks and into his tangled beard.  Dumbledore stood up. I refuse to accept your resignation, Hagrid, and I expect you back at work on Monday, he said. You will join me for breakfast at eight-thirty in the Great Hall. No excuses. Good afternoon to you all.  Dumbledore left the cabin, pausing only to scratch Fangs ears. When the door had shut behind him, Hagrid began to sob into his dustbin-lid-sized hands. Hermione kept patting his arm, and at last, Hagrid looked up, his eyes very red indeed, and said, Great man, Dumbledore . . . great man . ..  Yeah, he is, said Ron. Can I have one of these cakes, Hagrid?  Help yerself, said Hagrid, wiping his eyes on the back of his hand. Ar, he's righ', o' course - yeh're all righ' . . .I bin stupid . .. my ol' dad woulda bin ashamed o' the way I've bin behavin'.... More tears leaked out, but he wiped them away more forcefully, and said, Never shown you a picture of my old dad, have I? Here...  Hagrid got up, went over to his dresser, opened a drawer, and pulled out a picture of a short wizard with Hagrid's crinkled black eyes, beaming as he sat on top of Hagrid's shoulder. Hagrid was a good seven or eight feet tall, judging by the apple tree beside him, but his face was beardless, young, round, and smooth - he looked hardly older than eleven.  Tha was taken jus' after I got inter Hogwarts, Hagrid croaked. Dad was dead chuffed ... thought I migh' not be a wizard, see, 'cos me mum ... well, anyway. 'Course, I never was great shakes at magic, really... but at least he never saw me expelled. Died, see, in me second year. . . .  Dumbledore was the one who stuck up for me after Dad went. Got me the gamekeeper job .  . . trusts people, he does. Gives 'em second chances ... tha's what sets him apar' from other heads, see. He'll accept anyone at Hogwarts, s'long as they've got the talent.  Knows people can turn out okay even if their families weren' ... well... all tha' respectable. But some don understand that. There's some who'd always hold it against yeh . . . there's some who'd even pretend they just had big bones rather than stand up an' say - I am what I am, an' I'm not ashamed. 'Never be ashamed,' my ol' dad used ter say, 'there's some who'll hold it against you, but they're not worth botherin' with.' An' he was right. I've bin an idiot. I'm not botherin' with her no more, I promise yeh that. Big bones . . . I'll give her big bones.  Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked at one another nervously	 Harry would rather have taken fifty Blast-Ended Skrewts for a walk than admit to Hagrid that he had overheard him  talking to Madame Maxime, but Hagrid was still talking, apparently unaware that he had said anything odd.  Yeh know wha, Harry? he said, looking up from the photograph of his father, his eyes very bright, when I firs' met you, you reminded me o' me a bit. Mum an' Dad gone, an' you was feelin' like yeh wouldn' fit in at Hogwarts, remember? Not sure yeh were really up to it... an' now look at yeh, Harry! School champion!  He looked at Harry for a moment and then said, very seriously, Yeh know what I'd love.  Harry? I'd love yeh ter win, I really would. It'd show 'em all... yeh don' have ter be pureblood ter do it. Yeh don have ter be ashamed of what yeh are. It'd show 'em Dumbledore's the one who's got it righ', lettin' anyone in as long as they can do magic.  How you doin' with that egg, Harry?  Great, said Harry. Really great.  Hagrid's miserable face broke into a wide, watery smile.  Tha's my boy. . . you show 'em, Harry, you show 'em. Beat 'em all.  Lying to Hagrid wasn't quite like lying to anyone else. Harry went back to the castle later that afternoon with Ron and Hermione, unable to banish the image of the happy expression on Hagrid's whiskery face as he had imagined Harry winning the tournament.  The incomprehensible egg weighed more heavily than ever on Harrys conscience that evening, and by the time he had got into bed, he had made up his mind - it was time to shelve his pride and see if Cedric's hint was worth anything.,82,Goblet of Fire,24
Goblet of Fire=  Harry had no idea how long a bath he would need to work out the secret of the golden egg, he decided to do it at night, when he would be able to take as much time as he wanted.  Reluctant though he was to accept more favors from Cedric, he also decided to use the prefects' bathroom	 far fewer people were allowed in there, so it was much less likely that he would be disturbed.  Harry planned his excursion carefully, because he had been caught out of bed and out-of-bounds by Filch the caretaker in the middle of the night once before, and had no desire to repeat the experience. The Invisibility Cloak would, of course, be essential, and as an added precaution, Harry thought he would take the Marauders Map, which, next to the cloak, was the most useful aid to rule-breaking Harry owned. The map showed the whole of Hogwarts, including its many shortcuts and secret passageways and, most important of all, it revealed the people inside the castle as minuscule, labeled dots, moving around the corridors, so that Harry would be forewarned if somebody was approaching the bathroom.  On Thursday night, Harry sneaked up to bed, put on the cloak, crept back downstairs, and, just as he had done on the night when Hagrid had shown him the dragons, waited for the portrait hole to open. This time it was Ron who waited outside to give the Fat Lady the password (banana fritters), Good luck, Ron muttered, climbing into the room as Harry crept out past him.  It was awkward moving under the cloak tonight, because Harry had the heavy egg under one arm and the map held in front of his nose with the other. However, the moonlit corridors were empty and silent, and by checking the map at strategic intervals, Harry was able to ensure that he wouldn't run into anyone he wanted to avoid. When he reached the statue of Boris the Bewildered, a lost-looking wizard with his gloves on the wrong hands, he located the right door, leaned close to it, and muttered the password, Pine fresh, just as Cedric had told him.  The door creaked open. Harry slipped inside, bolted the door behind him, and pulled off the Invisibility Cloak, looking around.  His immediate reaction was that it would be worth becoming a prefect just to be able to use this bathroom. It was softly lit by a splendid candle-filled chandelier, and everything was made of white marble, including what looked like an empty, rectangular swimming pool sunk into the middle of the floor. About a hundred golden taps stood all around the pools edges, each with a differently colored Jewel set into its handle. There was also a diving board. Long white linen curtains hung at the windows	 a large pile of fluffy white towels sat in a corner, and there was a single golden-framed painting on the wall. It featured a blonde mermaid who was fast asleep on a rock, her long hair over her face. It fluttered every time she snored.  Harry moved forward, looking around, his footsteps echoing off the walls. Magnificent  though the bathroom was - and quite keen though he was to try out a few of those taps -now he was here he couldn't quite suppress the feeling that Cedric might have been having him on. How on earth was this supposed to help solve the mystery of the egg?  Nevertheless, he put one of the Huffy towels, the cloak, the map, and the egg at the side of the swimming-pool-sized bath, then knelt down and turned on a few of the taps.  He could tell at once that they carried different sorts of bubble bath mixed with the water, though it wasn't bubble bath as Harry had ever experienced it. One tap gushed pink and blue bubbles the size of footballs	 another poured ice-white foam so thick that Harry thought it would have supported his weight if he'd cared to test it	 a third sent heavily perfumed purple clouds hovering over the surface of the water. Harry amused himself for awhile turning the taps on and off, particularly enjoying the effect of one whose jet bounced off the surface of the water in large arcs. Then, when the deep pool was full of hot water, foam, and bubbles, which took a very short time considering its size, Harry turned off all the taps, pulled off his pajamas, slippers, and dressing gown, and slid into the water.  It was so deep that his feet barely touched the bottom, and he actually did a couple of lengths before swimming back to the side and treading water, staring at the egg. Highly enjoyable though it was to swim in hot and foamy water with clouds of different-colored steam wafting all around him, no stroke of brilliance came to him, no sudden burst of understanding.  Harry stretched out his arms, lifted the egg in his wet hands, and opened it. The wailing, screeching sound filled the bathroom, echoing and reverberating off the marble walls, but it sounded just as incomprehensible as ever, if not more so with all the echoes. He snapped it shut again, worried that the sound would attract Filch, wondering whether that hadn't been Cedric's plan - and then, making him jump so badly that he dropped the egg, which clattered away across the bathroom floor, someone spoke.  I'd try putting it in the water, if I were you.  Harry had swallowed a considerable amount of bubbles in shock. He stood up, sputtering, and saw the ghost of a very glum-looking girl sitting cross-legged on top of one of the taps. It was Moaning Myrtle, who was usually to be heard sobbing in the S-bend of a toilet three floors below.  Myrtle! Harry said in outrage, I'm - I'm not wearing anything!  The foam was so dense that this hardly mattered, but he had a nasty feeling that Myrtle had been spying on him from out of one of the taps ever since he had arrived.  I closed my eyes when you got in, she said, blinking at him through her thick spectacles. You haven't been to see me for ages.  Yeah . . . well. . . said Harry, bending his knees slightly, just to make absolutely sure Myrtle couldn't see anything but his head, I'm not supposed to come into your bathroom, am I? It's a girls' one.  You didn't used to care, said Myrtle miserably. You used to be in there all the time.  This was true, though only because Harry, Ron, and Hermione had found Myrtle's out-of-order toilets a convenient place to brew Polyjuice Potion in secret - a forbidden potion that had turned him and Ron into living replicas of Crabbe and Goyle for an hour, so that they could sneak into the Slytherin common room.  I got told off for going in there. said Harry, which was half-true	 Percy had once caught him coming out of Myrtles bathroom. I thought I'd better not come back after that.  Oh ... I see ... said Myrtle, picking at a spot on her chin in a morose sort of way.  Well... anyway... I'd try the egg in the water. That's what Cedric Diggory did.  Have you been spying on him too? said Harry indignantly. What d'you do, sneak up here in the evenings to watch the prefects take baths?  Sometimes, said Myrtle, rather slyly, but I've never come out to speak to anyone before.  I'm honored, said Harry darkly. You keep your eyes shut!  He made sure Myrtle had her glasses well covered before hoisting himself out of the bath, wrapping the towel firmly around his waist, and going to retrieve the egg. Once he was back in the water, Myrtle peered through her fingers and said, Go on, then . .. open it under the water!  Harry lowered the egg beneath the foamy surface and opened it... and this time, it did not wail. A gurgling song was coming out of it, a song whose words he couldnt distinguish through the water.  You need to put your head under too, said Myrtle, who seemed to be thoroughly enjoying bossing him around. Go on!  Harry took a great breath and slid under the surface - and now, sitting on the marble bottom of the bubble-filled bath, he heard a chorus of eerie voices singing to him from the open egg in his hands:  Come seek us where our voices sound, We cannot sing above the ground, And while you re searching, ponder this:  Wove taken what you'll sorely miss, An hour long you'll have to look, And to recover what we took, But past an hour- the prospect's black, Too late, it's gone, it wont come back  Harry let himself float back upward and broke the bubbly surface, shaking his hair out of his eyes.  Hear it? said Myrtle.  Yeah ... 'Come seek us where our voices sound .. .' and if I need persuading ... hang on, I need to listen again....  He sank back beneath the water. It took three more underwater renditions of the egg's song before Harry had it memorized	 then he trod water for a while, thinking hard, while Myrtle sat and watched him.  I've got to go and look for people who can't use their voices above the ground. . . .  he said slowly. Er . . . who could that be?  Slow, aren't you?  He had never seen Moaning Myrtle so cheerful, apart from the day when a dose of PolyJuice Potion had given Hermione the hairy face and tail of a cat. Harry stared around the bathroom, thinking ... if the voices could only be heard underwater, then it made sense for them to belong to underwater creatures. He ran this theory past Myrtle, who smirked at him.  Well, thats what Diggory thought, she said. He lay there talking to himself for ages about it. Ages and ages . . . nearly all the bubbles had gone. ...  Underwater ... Harry said slowly. Myrtle . . . what lives in the lake, apart from the giant squid?  Oh all sorts, she said. I sometimes go down there . . . sometimes don't have any choice, if someone flushes my toilet when I'm not expecting it....  Trying not to think about Moaning Myrtle zooming down a pipe to the lake with the contents of a toilet. Harry said, Well, does anything in there have a human voice?  Hang on -  Harry's eyes had fallen on the picture of the snoozing mermaid on the wall.  Myrtle, there aren't merpeople in there, are there?  Oooh, very good, she said, her thick glasses twinkling, it took Diggory much longer than that! And that was with her awake too - Myrtle jerked her head toward the mermaid with an expression of great dislike on her glum face - giggling and showing off and flashing her fins.. ..  Thats it, isn't it? said Harry excitedly. The second tasks to go and find the merpeople in the lake and ... and ...  But he suddenly realized what he was saying, and he felt the excitement drain out of him as though someone had just pulled a plug in his stomach. He wasn't a very good swimmer	 he'd never had much practice. Dudley had had lessons in his youth, but Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon, no doubt hoping that Harry would drown one day, hadn't bothered to give him any. A couple of lengths of this bath were all very well, but that lake was very large, and very deep . . . and merpeople would surely live right at the bottom. . . .  Myrtle, Harry said slowly, how am I supposed to breathe?  At this, Myrtle's eyes filled with sudden tears again.  Tactless! she muttered, groping in her robes for a handkerchief.  What's tactless? said Harry, bewildered.  Talking about breathing in front of me! she said shrilly, and her voice echoed loudly around the bathroom. When I can't. . . when I haven't. . . not for ages ...  She buried her face in her handkerchief and sniffed loudly. Harry remembered how touchy  Myrtle had always been about being dead, but none of the other ghosts he knew made such a fuss about it.  Sorry, he said impatiently. I didn't mean - I just forgot. . .  Oh yes, very easy to forget Myrtle's dead, said Myrtle, gulping, looking at him out of swollen eyes. Nobody missed me even when I was alive. Took them hours and hours to find my body - I know, I was sitting there waiting for them. Olive Hornby came into the bathroom - Are you in here again, sulking, Myrtle?' she said, 'because Professor Dippet asked me to look for you -' And then she saw my body . . . ooooh, she didn't forget it until her dying day, I made sure of that... followed her around and reminded her, I did.  I remember at her brother's wedding -  But Harry wasn't listening	 he was thinking about the merpeople's song again. We've taken what you II sorely miss. That sounded as though they were going to steal something of his, something he had to get back. What were they going to take?  --and then, of course, she went to the Ministry of Magic to stop me stalking her, so I had to come back here and live in my toilet.  Good, said Harry vaguely. Well, I'm a lot further on than I was. . . . Shut your eyes again, will you? I'm getting out.  He retrieved the egg from the bottom of the bath, climbed out, dried himself, and pulled on his pajamas and dressing gown again.  Will you come and visit me in my bathroom again sometime? Moaning Myrtle asked mournfully as Harry picked up the Invisibility Cloak.  Er . . . I'll try, Harry said, though privately thinking the only way he'd be visiting Myrtle's bathroom again was if every other toilet in the castle got blocked. See you.  Myrtle... thanks for your help.  Bye, 'bye, she said gloomily, and as Harry put on the Invisibllity Cloak he saw her zoom back up the tap.  Out in the dark corridor, Harry examined the Marauders Map to check that the coast was still clear. Yes, the dots belonging to Filch and his cat, Mrs. Norris, were safely in their office . .. nothing else seemed to be moving apart from Peeves, though he was bouncing around the trophy room on the floor above. ... Harry had taken his first step back toward Gryffindor Tower when something else on the map caught his eye . . .  something distinctly odd.  Peeves was not the only thing that was moving. A single dot was flitting around a room in the bottom left-hand corner - Snapes office. But the dot wasn't labeled Severus Snape ... it was Bartemius Crouch.  Harry stared at the dot. Mr. Crouch was supposed to be too ill to go to work or to come to the Yule Ball - so what was he doing, sneaking into Hogwarts at one o'clock in the morning? Harry watched closely as the dot moved around and around the room, pausing here and there. ...  Harry hesitated, thinking . . . and then his curiosity got the better of him. He turned and set off in the opposite direction toward the nearest staircase. He was going to see what Crouch was up to.  Harry walked down the stairs as quietly as possible, though the faces in some of the portraits still turned curiously at the squeak of a floorboard, the rustle of his pajamas. He crept along the corridor below, pushed aside a tapestry about halfway along, and proceeded down a narrower staircase, a shortcut that would take him down two floors.  He kept glancing down at the map, wondering ... It just didn't seem in character, somehow, for correct, law-abiding Mr. Crouch to be sneaking around somebody else's office this late at night....  And then, halfway down the staircase, not thinking about what he was doing, not concentrating on anything but the peculiar behavior of Mr. Crouch, Harrys leg suddenly sank right through the trick step Neville always forgot to jump. He gave an ungainly wobble, and the golden egg, still damp from the bath, slipped from under his arm. He lurched forward to try and catch it, but too late	 the egg fell down the long staircase with a bang as loud as a bass drum on every step - the Invisibility Cloak slipped - Harry snatched at it, and the Marauder s Map fluttered out of his hand and slid down six stairs, where, sunk in the step to above his knee, he couldn't reach it.  The golden egg fell through the tapestry at the bottom of the staircase, burst open, and began wailing loudly in the corridor below. Harry pulled out his wand and struggled to touch the Marauder s Map, to wipe it blank, but it was too far away to reach -Pulling the cloak back over himself Harry straightened up, listening hard with his eyes  screwed up with fear. . . and, almost immediately -  PEEVES!  It was the unmistakable hunting cry of Filch the caretaker. Harry could hear his rapid, shuffling footsteps coming nearer and nearer, his wheezy voice raised in fury.  What's this racket? Wake up the whole castle, will you? I'll have you, Peeves, I'll have you, you'll... and what is this?  Filch's footsteps halted	 there was a clink of metal on metal and the wailing stopped -Filch had picked up the egg and closed it. Harry stood very still, one leg still Jammed tightly in the magical step, listening. Any moment now, Filch was going to pull aside the tapestry, expecting to see Peeves . . . and there would be no Peeves ... but if he came up the stairs, he would spot the Marauder's Map . . . and Invisibility Cloak or not, the map would show Harry Potter standing exactly where he was.  Egg? Filch said quietly at the foot of the stairs. My sweet! - Mrs. Norris was obviously with him - This is a Triwizard clue! This belongs to a school champion!  Harry felt sick	 his heart was hammering very fast -  PEEVES! Filch roared gleefully. You've been stealing!  He ripped back the tapestry below, and Harry saw his horrible, pouchy face and bulging, pale eyes staring up the dark and (to Filch) deserted staircase.  Hiding, are you? he said softly. I'm coming to get you, Peeves. . . . You've gone and stolen a Triwizard clue, Peeves... . Dumbledore'll have you out of here for this, you filthy, pilfering poltergeist. ...  Filch started to climb the stairs, his scrawny, dust-colored cat at his heels. Mrs.  Morris's lamp-like eyes, so very like her masters, were fixed directly upon Harry. He had had occasion before now to wonder whether the Invisibility Cloak worked on cats. . .  . Sick with apprehension, he watched Filch drawing nearer and nearer in his old flannel dressing gown - he tried desperately to pull his trapped leg free, but it merely sank a few more inches - any second now, Filch was going to spot the map or walk right into him -  Filch? Whats going on?  Filch stopped a few steps below Harry and turned. At the foot of the stairs stood the only person who could make Harry's situation worse: Snape. He was wearing a long gray nightshirt and he looked livid.  Its Peeves, Professor, Filch whispered malevolently. He threw this egg down the stairs.  Snape climbed up the stairs quickly and stopped beside Filch. Harry gritted his teeth, convinced his loudly thumping heart would give him away at any second. . . .  Peeves? said Snape softly, staring at the egg in Filch's hands. But Peeves couldn't get into my office. . . .  This egg was in your office. Professor?  Of course not, Snape snapped. I heard banging and wailing -  Yes, Professor, that was the egg -  - I was coming to investigate -  - Peeves threw it. Professor -  - and when I passed my office, I saw that the torches were lit and a cupboard door was ajar! Somebody has been searching it!  But Peeves couldn't -  I know he couldn't, Filch! Snape snapped again. I seal my office with a spell none but a wizard could break! Snape looked up the stairs, straight through Harry, and then down into the corridor below. I want you to come and help me search for the intruder, Filch.  I - yes, Professor - but -  Filch looked yearningly up the stairs, right through Harry, who could see that he was very reluctant to forgo the chance of cornering Peeves. Go, Harry pleaded with him silently, go with Snape . . . go. . . Mrs. Norris was peering around Filch's legs....  Harry had the distinct impression that she could smell him.. . . Why had he filled that bath with so much perfumed foam?  The thing is, Professor, said Filch plaintively, the headmaster will have to listen to me this time. Peeves has been stealing from a student, it might be my chance to get him thrown out of the castle once and for all -  Filch, I don't give a damn about that wretched poltergeist	 it's my office that's -  Clunk. Clunk. Clunk.  Snape stopped talking very abruptly. He and Filch both looked down at the foot of the stairs. Harry saw Mad-Eye Moody limp into sight through the narrow gap between their heads. Moody was wearing his old traveling cloak over his nightshirt and leaning on his staff as usual.  Pajama party, is it? he growled up the stairs.  Professor Snape and I heard noises, Professor, said Filch at once. Peeves the Poltergeist, throwing things around as usual - and then Professor Snape discovered that someone had broken into his off -  Shut up! Snape hissed to Filch.  Moody took a step closer to the foot of the stairs. Harry saw Moodys magical eye travel over Snape, and then, unmistakably, onto himself.  Harrys heart gave a horrible jolt. Moody could see through Invisibility Cloaks... he alone could see the full strangeness of the scene:  Snape in his nightshirt, Filch clutching the egg, and he, Harry, trapped in the stairs behind them. Moody's lopsided gash of a mouth opened in surprise. For a few seconds, he and Harry stared straight into each other's eyes. Then Moody closed his mouth and turned his blue eye upon Snape again.  Did I hear that correctly, Snape? he asked slowly. Someone broke into your office?  It is unimportant, said Snape coldly. On the contrary, growled Moody, it is very important. Who'd want to break into your office?  A student, I daresay, said Snape. Harry could see a vein flickering horribly on Snape's greasy temple. It has happened before. Potion ingredients have gone missing from my private store cupboard ... students attempting illicit mixtures, no doubt....  Reckon they were after potion ingredients, eh? said Moody. Not hiding anything else in your office, are you?  Harry saw the edge of Snapes sallow face turn a nasty brick color, the vein in his temple pulsing more rapidly.  You know I'm hiding nothing, Moody, he said in a soft and dangerous voice, as you've searched my office pretty thoroughly yourself.  Moodys face twisted into a smile. Auror's privilege, Snape. Dumbledore told me to keep an eye -  Dumbledore happens to trust me, said Snape through clenched teeth. I refuse to believe that he gave you orders to search my office!  Course Dumbledore trusts you, growled Moody. Hes a trusting man, isn't he? Believes in second chances. But me - I say there are spots that don't come off, Snape. Spots that never come off, d'you know what I mean?  Snape suddenly did something very strange. He seized his left forearm convulsively with his right hand, as though something on it had hurt him.  Moody laughed. Get back to bed, Snape.  You don't have the authority to send me anywhere! Snape hissed, letting go of his arm as though angry with himself. I have as much right to prowl this school after dark as you do!  Prowl away, said Moody, but his voice was full of menace. I look forward to meeting you in a dark corridor some time.... You've dropped something, by the way. ...  With a stab of horror. Harry saw Moody point at the Marauders Map, still lying on the staircase six steps below him. As Snape and Filch both turned to look at it, Harry threw caution to the winds	 he raised his arms under the cloak and waved furiously at Moody to attract his attention, mouthing It's mine! Mine!  Snape had reached out for it, a horrible expression of dawning comprehension on his face -  Accio Parchment!  The map flew up into the air, slipped through Snapes outstretched fingers, and soared down the stairs into Moodys hand.  My mistake, Moody said calmly. It's mine - must've dropped it earlier -  But Snape's black eyes were darting from the egg in Filch's arms to the map in Moodys hand, and Harry could tell he was putting two and two together, as only Snape could. . .  .  Potter, he said quietly.  What's that? said Moody calmly, folding up the map and pocketing it.  Potter! Snape snarled, and he actually turned his head and stared right at the place where Harry was, as though he could suddenly see him. That egg is Potters egg. That  piece of parchment belongs to Potter. I have seen it before, I recognize it! Potter is here! Potter, in his Invisibility Cloak!  Snape stretched out his hands like a blind man and began to move up the stairs
Goblet of Fire=  You said you'd already worked out that egg clue! said Hermione indignantly.  Keep your voice down! said Harry crossly. I just need to - sort of fine-tune it, all right?  He, Ron, and Hermione were sitting at the very back of the Charms class with a table to themselves. They were supposed to be practicing the opposite of the Summoning Charm today - the Banishing Charm. Owing to the potential for nasty accidents when objects kept flying across the room. Professor Flitwick had given each student a stack of cushions on which to practice, the theory being that these wouldn't hurt anyone if they went off target. It was a good theory, but it wasn't working very well. Neville's aim was so poor that he kept accidentally sending much heavier things flying across the room - Professor Flitwick, for instance.  Just forget the egg for a minute, all right? Harry hissed as Professor Flitwick went whizzing resignedly past them, landing on top of a large cabinet. I'm trying to tell you about Snape and Moody. ...  This class was an ideal cover for a private conversation, as everyone was having far too much fun to pay them any attention. Harry had been recounting his adventures of the previous night in whispered installments for the last half hour.  Snape said Moodys searched his office as well? Ron whispered, his eyes alight with interest as he Banished a cushion with a sweep of his wand (it soared into the air and knocked Parvati's hat off). What. . . d'you reckon Moody's here to keep an eye on Snape as well as Karkaroff?  Well, I dunno if that's what Dumbledore asked him to do, but he's definitely doing it,  said Harry, waving his wand without paying much attention, so that his cushion did an odd sort of belly flop off the desk. Moody said Dumbledore only lets Snape stay here because he's giving him a second chance or something. ...  What? said Ron, his eyes widening, his next cushion spinning high into the air, ricocheting off the chandelier, and dropping heavily onto Flitwick's desk. Harry...  maybe Moody thinks Snape put your name in the Goblet of Fire!  Oh Ron, said Hermione, shaking her head sceptically, we thought Snape was trying to kill Harry before, and it turned out he was saving Harry's life, remember?  She Banished a cushion and it flew across the room and landed in the box they were all supposed to be aiming at. Harry looked at Hermione, thinking... it was true that Snape had saved his life once, but the odd thing was, Snape definitely loathed him, just as he'd loathed Harry s father when they had been at school together. Snape loved taking points from Harry, and had certainly never missed an opportunity to give him punishments, or even to suggest that he should be suspended from the school.  I don't care what Moody says, Hermione went on. Dumbledore's not stupid. He was right to trust Hagrid and Professor Lupin, even though loads of people wouldn't have given them jobs, so why shouldn't he be right about Snape, even if Snape is a bit -  - evil, said Ron promptly. Come on, Hermione, why are all these Dark wizard catchers searching his office, then?  Why has Mr. Crouch been pretending to be ill? said Hermione, ignoring Ron. Its a bit funny, isn't it, that he cant manage to come to the Yule Ball, but he can get up here in the middle of the night when he wants to?  You just don't like Crouch because of that elf, Winky, said Ron, sending a cushion soaring into the window.  You just want to think Snapes up to something, said Hermione, sending her cushion zooming neatly into the box.  I just want to know what Snape did with his first chance, if he's on his second one,  said Harry grimly, and his cushion, to his very great surprise, flew straight across the room and landed neatly on top of Hermione's.  Obedient to Sirius's wish of hearing about anything odd at Hogwarts, Harry sent him a letter by brown owl that night, explaining all about Mr. Crouch breaking into Snape s office, and Moody and Snape's conversation. Then Harry turned his attention in earnest to the most urgent problem facing him: how to survive underwater for an hour on the twenty-fourth of February.  Ron quite liked the idea of using the Summoning Charm again - Harry had explained about  Aqua-Lungs, and Ron couldn't see why Harry shouldn't Summon one from the nearest Muggle town. Hermione squashed this plan by pointing out that, in the unlikely event that Harry managed to learn how to operate an Aqua-Lung within the set limit of an hour, he was sure to be disqualified for breaking the International Code of Wizarding Secrecy - it was too much to hope that no Muggles would spot an Aqua-Lung zooming across the countryside to Hogwarts.  Of course, the ideal solution would be for you to Transfigure yourself into a submarine or something, Hermione said. If only we'd done human Transfiguration already! But I don't think we start that until sixth year, and it can go badly wrong if you don't know what you're doing....  Yeah, I don't fancy walking around with a periscope sticking out of my head, said Harry. I s'pose I could always attack someone in front of Moody	 he might do it for me....  I don't think he'd let you choose what you wanted to be turned into, though, said Hermione seriously. No, I think your best chance is some sort of charm.  So Harry, thinking that he would soon have had enough of the library to last him a lifetime, buried himself once more among the dusty volumes, looking for any spell that might enable a human to survive without oxygen. However, though he, Ron, and Hermione searched through their lunchtimes, evenings, and whole weekends - though Harry asked Professor McGonagall for a note of permission to use the Restricted Section, and even asked the irritable, vulture-like librarian. Madam Pince, for help - they found nothing whatsoever that would enable Harry to spend an hour underwater and live to tell the tale.  Familiar flutterings of panic were starting to disturb Harry now, and he was finding it difficult to concentrate in class again. The lake, which Harry had always taken for granted as just another feature of the grounds, drew his eyes whenever he was near a classroom window, a great, iron-gray mass of chilly water, whose dark and icy depths were starting to seem as distant as the moon.  Just as it had before he faced the Horntail, time was slipping away as though somebody had bewitched the clocks to go extra-fast. There was a week to go before February the twenty-fourth (there was still time) . . . there were five days to go (he was bound to find something soon) .. . three days to go (please let me find something... please). . .  With two days left. Harry started to go off food again. The only good thing about breakfast on Monday was the return of the brown owl he had sent to Sirius. He pulled off the parchment, unrolled it, and saw the shortest letter Sirius had ever written to him.  Send date of next Hogsmeade weekend by return owl.  Harry turned the parchment over and looked at the back, hoping to see something else, but it was blank.  Weekend after next, whispered Hermione, who had read the note over Harrys shoulder.  Here - take my quill and send this owl back straight away.  Harry scribbled the dates down on the back of Sirius's letter, tied it onto the brown owl's leg, and watched it take flight again. What had he expected? Advice on how to survive underwater? He had been so intent on telling Sirius all about Snape and Moody he had completely forgotten to mention the eggs clue.  What's he want to know about the next Hogsmeade weekend for? said Ron.  Dunno, said Harry dully. The momentary happiness that had flared inside him at the sight of the owl had died. Come on ...Care of Magical Creatures.  Whether Hagrid was trying to make up for the Blast-Ended Skrewts, or because there were now only two skrewts left, or because he was trying to prove he could do anything that Professor Grubbly-Plank could. Harry didnt know, but Hagrid had been continuing her lessons on unicorns ever since he'd returned to work. It turned out that Hagrid knew quite as much about unicorns as he did about monsters, though it was clear that he found their lack of poisonous fangs disappointing.  Today he had managed to capture two unicorn foals. Unlike full-grown unicorns, they were pure gold. Parvati and Lavender went into transports of delight at the sight of them, and even Pansy Parkinson had to work hard to conceal how much she liked them.  Easier ter spot than the adults, Hagrid told the class. They turn silver when they're abou' two years old, an' they grow horns at aroun four. Don' go pure white till they're full grown, 'round about seven. They're a bit more trustin when they're babies .. . don mind boys so much.... C'mon, move in a bit, yeh can pat 'em if yeh want. . . give 'em a  few o' these sugar lumps. . . .  You okay. Harry? Hagrid muttered, moving aside slightly, while most of the others swarmed around the baby unicorns.  Yeah, said Harry. Jus' nervous, eh? said Hagrid.  Bit, said Harry.  Harry, said Hagrid, clapping a massive hand on his shoulder, so that Harry's knees buckled under its weight, I'd've bin worried before I saw yeh take on tha Horntail, but I know now yeh can do anythin' yeh set yer mind ter. I'm not worried at all. Yeh're goin ter be fine. Got yer clue worked out, haven' yeh?  Harry nodded, but even as he did so, an insane urge to confess that he didn't have any idea how to survive at the bottom of the lake for an hour came over him. He looked up at Hagrid - perhaps he had to go into the lake sometimes, to deal with the creatures in it?  He looked after everything else on the grounds, after all-  Yeh're goin' ter win, Hagrid growled, patting Harrys shoulder again, so that Harry actually felt himself sink a couple of inches into the soft ground. I know it. I can feel it. Yeh're goin' ter win, Harry n Harry just couldn't bring himself to wipe the happy, confident smile off Hagrid's face.  Pretending he was interested in the young unicorns, he forced a smile in return, and moved forward to pat them with the others.  By the evening before the second task. Harry felt as though he were trapped in a nightmare. He was fully aware that even if, by some miracle, he managed to find a suitable spell, he'd have a real job mastering it overnight. How could he have let this happen? Why hadn't he got to work on the egg's clue sooner? Why had he ever let his mind wander in class - what if a teacher had once mentioned how to breathe underwater?  He sat with Hermione and Ron in the library as the sun set outside, tearing feverishly through page after page of spells, hidden from one another by the massive piles of books on the desk in front of each of them. Harry s heart gave a huge leap every time he saw the word water on a page, but more often than not it was merely Take two pints of water, half a pound of shredded mandrake leaves, and a newt...  I don't reckon it can be done, said Rons voice flatly from the other side of the table.  There's nothing. Nothing. Closest was that thing to dry up puddles and ponds, that Drought Charm, but that was nowhere near powerful enough to drain the lake.  There must be something, Hermione muttered, moving a candle closer to her. Her eyes were so tired she was poring over the tiny print of Olde and Forgotten Bewitchments and Charmes with her nose about an inch from the page. They'd never have set a task that was undoable.  They have, said Ron. Harry, just go down to the lake tomorrow, right, stick your head in, yell at the merpeople to give back whatever they've nicked, and see if they chuck it out. Best you can do, mate.  There's a way of doing it! Hermione said crossly. There Just has to be!  She seemed to be taking the library's lack of useful information on the subject as a personal insult	 it had never failed her before.  I know what I should have done, said Harry, resting, face-down, on Saucy Tricks for Tricky Sorts. I should've learned to be an Animagus like Sirius.  An Animagus was a wizard who could transform into an animal.  Yeah, you could've turned into a goldfish any time you wanted! said Ron.  Or a frog, yawned Harry. He was exhausted. It takes years to become an Animagus, and then you have to register yourself and everything, said Hermione vaguely, now squinting down the index of Weird Wizarding Dilemmas and Their Solutions. Professor McGonagall told us, remember... you've got to register yourself with the Improper Use of Magic Office ...what animal you become, and your markings, so you can't abuse it...  Hermione, I was joking, said Harry wearily. I know I haven't got a chance of turning into a frog by tomorrow morning....  Oh this is no use, Hermione said, snapping shut Weird Wizarding Dilemmas. Who on earth wants to make their nose hair grow into ringlets?  I wouldn't mind, said Fred Weasleys voice. Be a talking point, wouldn't it?  Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked up. Fred and George had just emerged from behind some bookshelves.  What're you two doing here? Ron asked.  Looking for you, said George. McGonagall wants you, Ron. And you, Hermione.  Why? said Hermione, looking surprised.  Dunno ... she was looking a bit grim, though, said Fred.  We're supposed to take you down to her office, said George.  Ron and Hermione stared at Harry, who felt his stomach drop. Was Professor McGonagall about to tell Ron and Hermione off? Perhaps she'd noticed how much they were helping him, when he ought to be working out how to do the task alone?  We'll meet you back in the common room, Hermione told Harry as she got up to go with Ron - both of them looked very anxious. Bring as many of these books as you can, okay?  Right, said Harry uneasily.  By eight o'clock. Madam Pince had extinguished all the lamps and came to chivvy Harry out of the library. Staggering under the weight of as many books as he could carry, Harry returned to the Gryffindor common room, pulled a table into a corner, and continued to search. There was nothing in Madcap Magic for Wacky Warlocks. . . nothing in A Guide to Medieval Sorcery . . . not one mention of underwater exploits in An Anthology of Eighteenth-Century Charms, or in Dreadful Denizens of the Deep, or Powers You Never Knew You Had and What to Do with Them Now Youve Wised Up.  Crookshanks crawled into Harrys lap and curled up, purring deeply. The common room emptied slowly around Harry. People kept wishing him luck for the next morning in cheery, confident voices like Hagrid s, all of them apparently convinced that he was about to pull off another stunning performance like the one he had managed in the first task. Harry couldn't answer them, he just nodded, feeling as though there were a golfball stuck in his throat. By ten to midnight, he was alone in the room with Crookshanks. He had searched all the remaining books, and Ron and Hermione had not come back.  It's over, he told himself. You can't do it. You'll just have to go down to the lake in the morning and tell the judges....  He imagined himself explaining that he couldn't do the task. He pictured Bagman's look of round-eyed surprise, Karkaroffs satisfied, yellow-toothed smile. He could almost hear Fleur Delacour saying I knew it. . . 'e is too young, 'e is only a little boy. He saw Malfoy flashing his POTTER STINKS badge at the front of the crowd, saw Hagrid s crestfallen, disbelieving face. . . .  Forgetting that Crookshanks was on his lap. Harry stood up very suddenly	 Crookshanks hissed angrily as he landed on the floor, gave Harry a disgusted look, and stalked away with his bottlebrush tail in the air, but Harry was already hurrying up the spiral staircase to his dormitory. ... He would grab the Invisibility Cloak and go back to the library, he'd stay there all night if he had to. ...  Lumos, Harry whispered fifteen minutes later as he opened the library door.  Wand tip alight, he crept along the bookshelves, pulling down more books - books of hexes and charms, books on merpeople and water monsters, books on famous witches and wizards, on magical inventions, on anything at all that might include one passing reference to underwater survival. He carried them over to a table, then set to work, searching them by the narrow beam of his wand, occasionally checking his watch. . . .  One in the morning. . . two in the morning . . . the only way he could keep going was to tell himself, over and over again, next book. . . in the next one. . . the next one. . .  The mermaid in the painting in the prefects' bathroom was laughing. Harry was bobbing like a cork in bubbly water next to her rock, while she held his Firebolt over his head.  Come and get it! she giggled maliciously. Come on, jump!  I can't, Harry panted, snatching at the Firebolt, and struggling not to sink. Give it to me!  But she just poked him painfully in the side with the end of the broomstick, laughing at him.  That hurts - get off- ouch -  Harry Potter must wake up, sir!  Stop poking me -  Dobby must poke Harry Potter, sir, he must wake up!  Harry opened his eyes. He was still in the library	 the Invisibility Cloak had slipped off his head as he'd slept, and the side of his face was stuck to the pages of Where There's a Wand, There's a Way. He sat up, straightening his glasses, blinking in the bright daylight.  Harry Potter needs to hurry! squeaked Dobby. The second task starts in ten minutes,  and Harry Potter -  Ten minutes? Harry croaked. Ten - ten minutes?  He looked down at his watch. Dobby was right. It was twenty past nine. A large, dead weight seemed to fall through Harry's chest into his stomach.  Hurry, Harry Potter! squeaked Dobby, plucking at Harry's sleeve. You is supposed to be down by the lake with the other champions, sir!  It's too late, Dobby, Harry said hopelessly. I'm not doing the task, I don't know how-  Harry Potter will do the task! squeaked the elf. Dobby knew Harry had not found the right book, so Dobby did it for him!  What? said Harry. But you don't know what the second task is -  Dobby knows, sir! Harry Potter has to go into the lake and find his Wheezy -  Find my what?  - and take his Wheezy back from the merpeople!  What's a Wheezy?  Your Wheezy, sir, your Wheezy-Wheezy who is giving Dobby his sweater!  Dobby plucked at the shrunken maroon sweater he was now wearing over his shorts.  What? Harry gasped. They've got. . . they've got Ron?  The thing Harry Potter will miss most, sir! squeaked Dobby. 'But past an hour-'  - 'the prospect's black,' Harry recited, staring, horror-struck, at the elf.  'Too late, it's gone, it won't come back.' Dobby - what've I got to do?  You has to eat this, sir! s queaked the elf, and he put his hand in the pocket of his shorts and drew out a ball of what looked like slimy, grayish-green rat tails. Right before you go into the lake, sir - gillyweed!  What's it do? said Harry, staring at the gillyweed.  It will make Harry Potter breathe underwater, sir!  Dobby, said Harry frantically, listen - are you sure about this?  He couldn't quite forget that the last time Dobby had tried to help him, he had ended up with no bones in his right arm.  Dobby is quite sure, sir! said the elf earnestly. Dobby hears things, sir, he is a house-elf, he goes all over the castle as he lights the fires and mops the floors. Dobby heard Professor McGonagall and Professor Moody in the staffroom, talking about the next task. . . . Dobby cannot let Harry Potter lose his Wheezy!  Harrys doubts vanished. Jumping to his feet he pulled off the Invisibility Cloak, stuffed it into his bag, grabbed the gillyweed, and put it into his pocket, then tore out of the library with Dobby at his heels.  Dobby is supposed to be in the kitchens, sir! Dobby squealed as they burst into the corridor. Dobby will be missed - good luck, Harry Potter, sir, good luck!  See you later, Dobby! Harry shouted, and he sprinted along the corridor and down the stairs, three at a time.  The entrance hall contained a few last-minute stragglers, all leaving the Great Hall after breakfast and heading through the double oak doors to watch the second task. They stared as Harry flashed past, sending Colin and Dennis Creevey flying as he leapt down the stone steps and out onto the bright, chilly grounds.  As he pounded down the lawn he saw that the seats that had encircled the dragons' enclosure in November were now ranged along the opposite bank, rising in stands that were packed to the bursting point and reflected in the lake below. The excited babble of the crowd echoed strangely across the water as Harry ran flat-out around the other side of the lake toward the judges, who were sitting at another gold-draped table at the water's edge. Cedric, Fleur, and Krum were beside the judges' table, watching Harry sprint toward them.  I'm . .. here ... Harry panted, skidding to a halt in the mud and accidentally splattering Fleurs robes.  Where have you been? said a bossy, disapproving voice. The task's about to start!  Harry looked around. Percy Weasley was sitting at the judges' table - Mr. Crouch had failed to turn up again.  Now, now, Percy! said Ludo Bagman, who was looking intensely relieved to see Harry.  Let him catch his breath!  Dumbledore smiled at Harry, but Karkaroff and Madame Maxime didn't look at all pleased to see him. ... It was obvious from the looks on their faces that they had thought he wasn't going to turn up.  Harry bent over, hands on his knees, gasping for breath	 he had a stitch in his side that felt as though he had a knife between his ribs, but there was no time to get rid of it	 Ludo Bagman was now moving among the champions, spacing them along the bank at intervals of ten feet. Harry was on the very end of the line, next to Krum, who was wearing swimming trunks and was holding his wand ready.  All right. Harry? Bagman whispered as he moved Harry a few feet farther away from Krum. Know what you're going to do?  Yeah, Harry panted, massaging his ribs.  Bagman gave Harry's shoulder a quick squeeze and returned to the judges' table	 he pointed his wand at his throat as he had done at the World Cup, said, Sonorus! and his voice boomed out across the dark water toward the stands.  Well, all our champions are ready for the second task, which will start on my whistle.  They have precisely an hour to recover what has been taken from them. On the count of three, then. One . . . two . . . three!  The whistle echoed shrilly in the cold, still air	 the stands erupted with cheers and applause	 without looking to see what the other champions were doing, Harry pulled off his shoes and socks, pulled the handful of gillyweed out of his pocket, stuffed it into his mouth, and waded out into the lake.  It was so cold he felt the skin on his legs searing as though this were fire, not icy water. His sodden robes weighed him down as he walked in deeper	 now the water was over his knees, and his rapidly numbing feet were slipping over silt and flat, slimy stones.  He was chewing the gillyweed as hard and fast as he could	 it felt unpleasantly slimy and rubbery, like octopus tentacles. Waist-deep in the freezing water he stopped, swallowed, and waited for something to happen.  He could hear laughter in the crowd and knew he must look stupid, walking into the lake without showing any sign of magical power. The part of him that was still dry was covered in goose pimples	 half immersed in the icy water, a cruel breeze lifting his hair, Harry started to shiver violently. He avoided looking at the stands	 the laughter was becoming louder, and there were catcalls and jeering from the Slytherins. ...  Then, quite suddenly, Harry felt as though an invisible pillow had been pressed over his mouth and nose. He tried to draw breath, but it made his head spin
Goblet of Fire=  One of the best things about the aftermath of the second task was that everybody was very keen to hear details of what had happened down in the lake, which meant that Ron was getting to share Harry's limelight for once. Harry noticed that Ron's version of events changed subtly with every retelling. At first, he gave what seemed to be the truth	 it tallied with Hermione's story, anyway - Dumbledore had put all the hostages into a bewitched sleep in Professor McGonagall's office, first assuring them that they would be quite safe, and would awake when they were back above the water. One week later, however, Ron was telling a thrilling tale of kidnap in which he struggled single-handedly against fifty heavily armed merpeople who had to beat him into submission before tying him up.  But I had my wand hidden up my sleeve, he assured Padma Patil, who seemed to be a lot keener on Ron now that he was getting so much attention and was making a point of talking to him every time they passed in the corridors. I could've taken those mer-idiots any time I wanted.  What were you going to do, snore at them? said Hermione waspishly. People had been teasing her so much about being the thing that Viktor Krum would most miss that she was in a rather tetchy mood.  Ron's ears went red, and thereafter, he reverted to the bewitched sleep version of events.  As they entered March the weather became drier, but cruel winds skinned their hands and faces every time they went out onto the grounds. There were delays in the post because the owls kept being blown off course. The brown owl that Harry had sent to Sirius with the dates of the Hogsmeade weekend turned up at breakfast on Friday morning with half its feathers sticking up the wrong way	 Harry had no sooner torn off Sirius's reply than it took flight, clearly afraid it was going to be sent outside again.  Sirius's letter was almost as short as the previous one.  Be at stile at end of road out of Hogsmeade (past Dervish and Banges) at two o'clock on Saturday afternoon. Bring as much food as you can.  He hasn't come back to Hogsmeade? said Ron incredulously.  It looks like it, doesn't it? said Hermione.  I can't believe him, said Harry tensely, if he's caught. . .  Made it so far, though, hasn't he? said Ron. And it's not like the place is swarming with dementors anymore.  Harry folded up the letter, thinking. If he was honest with himself, he really wanted to see Sirius again. He therefore approached the final lesson of the afternoon - double Potions - feeling considerably more cheerful than he usually did when descending the steps to the dungeons.  Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle were standing in a huddle outside the classroom door with Pansy Parkinson's gang of Slytherin girls. All of them were looking at something Harry couldn't see and sniggering heartily. Pansys pug-like face peered excitedly around Goyle's broad back as Harry, Ron, and Hermione approached.  There they are, there they are! she giggled, and the knot of Slytherins broke apart.  Harry saw that Pansy had a magazine in her hands - Witch Weekly. The moving picture on the front showed a curly-haired witch who was smiling toothily and pointing at a large sponge cake with her wand.  You might find something to interest you in there, Granger! Pansy said loudly, and she threw the magazine at Hermione, who caught it, looking startled. At that moment, the dungeon door opened, and Snape beckoned them all inside.  Hermione, Harry, and Ron headed for a table at the back of the dungeon as usual. Once Snape had turned his back on them to write up the ingredients of todays potion on the blackboard, Hermione hastily rifled through the magazine under the desk. At last, in the center pages, Hermione found what they were looking for. Harry and Ron leaned in closer.  A color photograph of Harry headed a short piece entitled:  Harry Potter's Secret Heartache A boy like no other, perhaps - yet a boy suffering all the usual pangs of adolescence, writes Rita Skeeter. Deprived of love since the tragic demise of his parents, fourteen-year-old Harry Potter thought he had found solace in his steady girlfriend at Hogwarts, Muggle-born Hermione Granger. Little did he know that he would shortly be suffering yet another emotional blow in a life already littered with personal loss.  Miss Granger, a plain but ambitious girl, seems to have a taste for famous wizards that Harry alone cannot satisfy. Since the arrival at Hogwarts of Viktor Krum, Bulgarian Seeker and hero of the last World Quidditch Cup, Miss Granger has been toying with both boys' affections. Krum, who is openly smitten with the devious Miss Granger, has already invited her to visit him in Bulgaria over the summer holidays, and insists that he has never felt this way about any other girl.  However, it might not be Miss Granger's doubtful natural charms that have captured these unfortunate boys' interest.  She's really ugly, says Pansy Parkinson, a pretty and vivacious fourth-year student, but she'd be well up to making a Love Potion, she's quite brainy. I think that's how she's doing it.  Love Potions are, of course, banned at Hogwarts, and no doubt Albus Dumbledore will want to investigate these claims. In the meantime, Harry Potters well-wishers must hope that, next time, he bestows his heart on a worthier candidate.  I told you! Ron hissed at Hermione as she stared down at the article. I told you not to annoy Rita Skeeter! She's made you out to be some sort of- of scarlet woman!  Hermione stopped looking astonished and snorted with laughter. Scarlet woman? she repeated, shaking with suppressed giggles as she looked around at Ron.  It's what my mum calls them, Ron muttered, his ears going red.  If that's the best Rita can do, she's losing her touch, said Hermione, still giggling, as she threw Witch Weekly onto the empty chair beside her. What a pile of old rubbish.  She looked over at the Slytherins, who were all watching her and Harry closely across the room to see if they had been upset by the article. Hermione gave them a sarcastic smile and a wave, and she, Harry, and Ron started unpacking the ingredients they would need for their Wit-Sharpening Potion.  There's something funny, though, said Hermione ten minutes later, holding her pestle suspended over a bowl of scarab beetles. How could Rita Skeeter have known . . . ?  Known what? said Ron quickly. You haven't been mixing up Love Potions, have you?  Don't be stupid, Hermione snapped, starting to pound up her beetles again. No, it's just. . . how did she know Viktor asked me to visit him over the summer?  Hermione blushed scarlet as she said this and determinedly avoided Ron's eyes.  What? said Ron, dropping his pestle with a loud clunk.  He asked me right after he'd pulled me out of the lake,  Hermione muttered. After he'd got rid of his shark's head. Madam Pomfrey gave us both blankets and then he sort of pulled me away from the judges so they wouldn't hear, and he said, if I wasn't doing anything over the summer, would I like to -  And what did you say? said Ron, who had picked up his pestle and was grinding it on the desk, a good six inches from his bowl, because he was looking at Hermione.  And he did say he'd never felt the same way about anyone else, Hermione went on, going so red now that Harry could almost feel the heat coming from her, but how could Rita Skeeter have heard him? She wasn't there ... or was she? Maybe she has got an Invisibility Cloak	 maybe she sneaked onto the grounds to watch the second task. ...  And what did you say? Ron repeated, pounding his pestle down so hard that it dented the desk.  Well, I was too busy seeing whether you and Harry were okay to-  Fascinating though your social life undoubtedly is. Miss Granger, said an icy voice right behind them, and all three of them jumped, I must ask you not to discuss it in my class. Ten points from Gryffindor.  Snape had glided over to their desk while they were talking. The whole class was now looking around at them	 Malfoy took the opportunity to flash POTTER STINKS across the dungeon at Harry.  Ah . . . reading magazines under the table as well? Snape added, snatching up the copy of Witch Weekly. A further ten points from Gryffindor ... oh but of course ... Snapes black eyes glittered as they fell on Rita Skeeter's article. Potter has to keep up with his press cuttings. . . .  The dungeon rang with the Slytherins' laughter, and an unpleasant smile curled Snape's thin mouth. To Harry's fury, he began to read the article aloud.  'Harry Potter's Secret Heartache. . . dear, dear. Potter, what's ailing you now? 'A boy like no other, perhaps. . .'  Harry could feel his face burning. Snape was pausing at the end of every sentence to allow the Slytherins a hearty laugh. The article sounded ten times worse when read by Snape. Even Hermione was blushing scarlet now.  '. . . Harry Potter's well-wishers must hope that, next time, he bestows his heart upon a worthier candidate.' How very touching, sneered Snape, rolling up the magazine to continued gales of laughter from the Slytherins. Well, I think I had better separate the three of you, so you can keep your minds on your potions rather than on your tangled love lives. Weasley, you stay here. Miss Granger, over there, beside Miss Parkinson.  Potter - that table in front of my desk. Move. Now.  Furious, Harry threw his ingredients and his bag into his cauldron and dragged it up to the front of the dungeon to the empty table. Snape followed, sat down at his desk and watched Harry unload his cauldron. Determined not to look at Snape, Harry resumed the mashing of his scarab beetles, imagining each one to have Snape's face.  All this press attention seems to have inflated your already over-large head. Potter,  said Snape quietly, once the rest of the class had settled down again.  Harry didn't answer. He knew Snape was trying to provoke him	 he had done this before.  No doubt he was hoping for an excuse to take a round fifty points from Gryffindor before the end of the class.  You might be laboring under the delusion that the entire wizarding world is impressed with you, Snape went on, so quietly that no one else could hear him (Harry continued to pound his scarab beetles, even though he had already reduced them to a very fine powder), but I don't care how many times your picture appears in the papers. To me. Potter, you are nothing but a nasty little boy who considers rules to be beneath him.  Harry tipped the powdered beetles into his cauldron and started cutting up his ginger roots. His hands were shaking slightly out of anger, but he kept his eyes down, as though he couldn't hear what Snape was saying to him.  So I give you fair warning, Potter, Snape continued in a sorter and more dangerous  voice, pint-sized celebrity or not - if I catch you breaking into my office one more time -  I haven't been anywhere near your office! said Harry angrily, forgetting his feigned deafness.  Don't lie to me, Snape hissed, his fathomless black eyes boring into Harrys. Boomslang skin. Gillyweed. Both come from my private stores, and I know who stole them.  Harry stared back at Snape, determined not to blink or to look guilty. In truth, he hadn't stolen either of these things from Snape. Hermione had taken the boomslang skin back in their second year - they had needed it for the Polyjuice Potion - and while Snape had suspected Harry at the time, he had never been able to prove it. Dobby, of course, had stolen the gillyweed.  I don't know what you're talking about, Harry lied coldly.  You were out of bed on the night my office was broken into! Snape hissed. I know it.  Potter! Now, Mad-Eye Moody might have joined your fan club, but I will not tolerate your behavior! One more nighttime stroll into my office, Potter, and you will pay!  Right, said Harry coolly, turning back to his ginger roots. I'll bear that in mind if I ever get the urge to go in there.  Snape's eyes flashed. He plunged a hand into the inside of his black robes. For one wild moment. Harry thought Snape was about to pull out his wand and curse him - then he saw that Snape had drawn out a small crystal bottle of a completely clear potion. Harry stared at it.  Do you know what this is. Potter? Snape said, his eyes glittering dangerously again.  No, said Harry, with complete honesty this time.  It is Veritaserum - a Truth Potion so powerful that three drops would have you spilling your innermost secrets for this entire class to hear, said Snape viciously. Now, the use of this potion is controlled by very strict Ministry guidelines. But unless you watch your step, you might just find that my hand slips - he shook the crystal bottle slightly - right over your evening pumpkin juice. And then. Potter . . . then we'll find out whether you've been in my office or not.  Harry said nothing. He turned back to his ginger roots once more, picked up his knife, and started slicing them again. He didn't like the sound of that Truth Potion at all, nor would he put it past Snape to slip him some. He repressed a shudder at the thought of what might come spilling out of his mouth if Snape did it... quite apart from landing a whole lot of people in trouble - Hermione and Dobby for a start - there were all the other things he was concealing . . . like the fact that he was in contact with Sirius . .  . and - his insides squirmed at the thought - how he felt about Cho. ... He tipped his ginger roots into the cauldron too, and wondered whether he ought to take a leaf out of Moody s book and start drinking only from a private hip flask.  There was a knock on the dungeon door.  Enter, said Snape in his usual voice.  The class looked around as the door opened. Professor Karkaroff came in. Everyone watched him as he walked up toward Snape's desk. He was twisting his finger around his goatee and looking agitated.  We need to talk, said Karkaroff abruptly when he had reached Snape. He seemed so determined that nobody should hear what he was saying that he was barely opening his lips	 it was as though he were a rather poor ventriloquist. Harry kept his eyes on his ginger roots, listening hard.  I'll talk to you after my lesson, Karkaroff, Snape muttered, but Karkaroff interrupted him.  I want to talk now, while you can't slip off, Severus. You've been avoiding me.  After the lesson, Snape snapped.  Under the pretext of holding up a measuring cup to see if he'd poured out enough armadillo bile, Harry sneaked a sidelong glance at the pair of them. Karkaroff looked extremely worried, and Snape looked angry.  Karkaroff hovered behind Snape's desk for the rest of the double period. He seemed intent on preventing Snape from slipping away at the end of class. Keen to hear what Karkaroff wanted to say, Harry deliberately knocked over his bottle of armadillo bile with two minutes to go to the bell, which gave him an excuse to duck down behind his cauldron and mop up while the rest of the class moved noisily toward the door.  What's so urgent? he heard Snape hiss at Karkaroff.  This, said Karkaroff, and Harry, peering around the edge of his cauldron, saw Karkaroff  pull up the left-hand sleeve of his robe and show Snape something on his inner forearm.  Well? said Karkaroff, still making every effort not to move his lips. Do you see?  It's never been this clear, never since -   Put it away! snarled Snape, his black eyes sweeping the classroom.  But you must have noticed - Karkaroff began in an agitated voice.  We can talk later, Karkaroff! spat Snape. Potter! What are you doing?  Clearing up my armadillo bile, Professor, said Harry innocently, straightening up and showing Snape the sodden rag he was holding.  Karkaroff turned on his heel and strode out of the dungeon. He looked both worried and angry. Not wanting to remain alone with an exceptionally angry Snape, Harry threw his books and ingredients back into his bag and left at top speed to tell Ron and Hermione what he had just witnessed.  They left the castle at noon the next day to find a weak silver sun shining down upon the grounds. The weather was milder than it had been all year, and by the time they arrived in Hogsmeade, all three of them had taken off their cloaks and thrown them over their shoulders. The food Sirius had told them to bring was in Harry's bag	 they had sneaked a dozen chicken legs, a loaf of bread, and a flask of pumpkin juice from the lunch table.  They went into Gladrags Wizardwear to buy a present for Dobby, where they had fun selecting the most lurid socks they could find, including a pair patterned with flashing gold and silver stars, and another that screamed loudly when they became too smelly.  Then, at half past one, they made their way up the High Street, past Dervish and Banges, and out toward the edge of the village.  Harry had never been in this direction before. The winding lane was leading them out into the wild countryside around Hogsmeade. The cottages were fewer here, and their gardens larger	 they were walking toward the foot of the mountain in whose shadow Hogsmeade lay. Then they turned a corner and saw a stile at the end of the lane. Waiting for them, its front paws on the topmost bar, was a very large, shaggy black dog, which was carrying some newspapers in its mouth and looking very familiar. . . .  Hello, Sirius, said Harry when they had reached him.  The black dog sniffed Harry's bag eagerly, wagged its tail once, then turned and began to trot away from them across the scrubby patch of ground that rose to meet the rocky foot of the mountain. Harry, Ron, and Hermione climbed over the stile and followed.  Sirius led them to the very foot of the mountain, where the ground was covered with boulders and rocks. It was easy for him, with his four paws, but Harry, Ron, and Hermione were soon out of breath. They followed Sirius higher, up onto the mountain itself. For nearly half an hour they climbed a steep, winding, and stony path, following Sirius's wagging tail, sweating in the sun, the shoulder straps of Harry's bag cutting into his shoulders.  Then, at last, Sirius slipped out of sight, and when they reached the place where he had vanished, they saw a narrow fissure in the rock. They squeezed into it and found themselves in a cool, dimly lit cave. Tethered at the end of it, one end of his rope around a large rock, was Buckbeak the hippogriff. Half gray horse, half giant eagle, Buckbeak's fierce orange eye flashed at the sight of them. All three of them bowed low to him, and after regarding them imperiously for a moment, Buckbeak bent his scaly front knees and allowed Hermione to rush forward and stroke his feathery neck. Harry, however, was looking at the black dog, which had just turned into his godfather.  Sirius was wearing ragged gray robes	 the same ones he had been wearing when he had left Azkaban. His black hair was longer than it had been when he had appeared in the fire, and it was untidy and matted once more. He looked very thin.  Chicken! he said hoarsely after removing the old Daily Prophets from his mouth and throwing them down onto the cave floor.  Harry pulled open his bag and handed over the bundle of chicken legs and bread.  Thanks, said Sirius, opening it, grabbing a drumstick, sitting down on the cave floor, and tearing off a large chunk with his teeth. I've been living off rats mostly. Can't steal too much food from Hogsmeade	 I'd draw attention to myself.  He grinned up at Harry, but Harry returned the grin only reluctantly.  What're you doing here, Sirius? he said.  Fulfilling my duty as godfather, said Sirius, gnawing on the chicken bone in a very doglike way. Don't worry about it, I'm pretending to be a lovable stray.  He was still grinning, but seeing the anxiety in Harrys face, said more seriously, I  want to be on the spot. Your last letter . . . well, let's just say things are getting fishier. I've been stealing the paper every time someone throws one out, and by the looks of things, I'm not the only one who's getting worried.  He nodded at the yellowing Daily Prophets on the cave floor, and Ron picked them up and unfolded them. Harry, however, continued to stare at Sirius.  What if they catch you? What if you're seen?  You three and Dumbledore are the only ones around here who know I'm an Animagus, said Sirius, shrugging, and continuing to devour the chicken leg.  Ron nudged Harry and passed him the Daily Prophets. There were two: The first bore the headline Mystery Illness ofBartemius Crouch, the second, Ministry Witch Still Missing-Minister of Magic Now Personally Involved.  Harry scanned the story about Crouch. Phrases jumped out at him: hasn't been seen in public since November. . . house appears deserted. . . St. Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries decline comment. . . Ministry refuses to confirm rumors of critical illness. . . .  They're making it sound like he's dying, said Harry slowly. But he can't be that ill if he managed to get up here. . . .  My brothers Crouch's personal assistant, Ron informed Sirius. He says Crouch is suffering from overwork.  Mind you, he did look ill, last time I saw him up close, said Harry slowly, still reading the story. The night my name came out of the goblet. ...  Getting his comeuppance for sacking Winky, isn't he? said Hermione, an edge to her voice. She was stroking Buckbeak, who was crunching up Sirius's chicken bones. I bet he wishes he hadn't done it now - bet he feels the difference now she's not there to look after him.  Hermione's obsessed with house-elfs, Ron muttered to Sirius, casting Hermione a dark look. Sirius, however, looked interested.  Crouch sacked his house-elf?  Yeah, at the Quidditch World Cup, said Harry, and he launched into the story of the Dark Mark's appearance, and Winky being found with Harrys wand clutched in her hand, and Mr. Crouch's fury. When Harry had finished, Sirius was on his feet again and had started pacing up and down the cave.  Let me get this straight, he said after a while, brandishing a fresh chicken leg. You first saw the elfin the Top Box. She was saving Crouch a seat, right?  Right, said Harry, Ron, and Hermione together.  But Crouch didn't turn up for the match?  No, said Harry. I think he said he'd been too busy.  Sirius paced all around the cave in silence. Then he said, Harry, did you check your pockets for your wand after you'd left the Top Box?  Erm . . . Harry thought hard. No, he said finally. I didn't need to use it before we got in the forest. And then I put my hand in my pocket, and all that was in there were my Omnioculars. He stared at Sirius. Are you saying whoever conjured the Mark stole my wand in the Top Box?  It's possible, said Sirius.  Winky didn't steal that wand! Hermione insisted.  The elf wasn't the only one in that box, said Sirius, his brow furrowed as he continued to pace. Who else was sitting behind you?  Loads of people, said Harry. Some Bulgarian ministers .. . Cornelius Fudge ... the Malfoys ...  The Malfoys! said Ron suddenly, so loudly that his voice echoed all around the cave, and Buckbeak tossed his head nervously. I bet it was Lucius Malfoy!  Anyone else? said Sirius.  No one, said Harry.  Yes, there was, there was Ludo Bagman, Hermione reminded him.  Oh yeah . . .  I don't know anything about Bagman except that he used to be Beater for the Wimbourne Wasps, said Sirius, still pacing. What's he like?  He's okay, said Harry. He keeps offering to help me with the Triwizard Tournament.  Does he, now? said Sirius, frowning more deeply. I wonder why he'd do that?  Says he's taken a liking to me, said Harry.  Hmm, said Sirius, looking thoughtful.  We saw him in the forest just before the Dark Mark appeared, Hermione told Sirius.  Remember? she said to Harry and Ron.  Yeah, but he didn't stay in the forest, did he? said Ron. The moment we told him about the riot, he went off to the campsite.  How d'you know? Hermione shot back. How d'you know where he Disapparated to?  Come off it, said Ron incredulously. Are you saying you reckon Ludo Bagman conjured the Dark Mark?  It's more likely he did it than Winky, said Hermione stubbornly.  Told you, said Ron, looking meaningfully at Sirius, told you she's obsessed with house -  But Sirius held up a hand to silence Ron.  When the Dark Mark had been conjured, and the elf had been discovered holding Harry's wand, what did Crouch do?  Went to look in the bushes, said Harry, but there wasn't anyone else there.  Of course, Sirius muttered, pacing up and down, of course, he'd want to pin it on anyone but his own elf... and then he sacked her?  Yes, said Hermione in a heated voice, he sacked her, just because she hadn't stayed in her tent and let herself get trampled -  Hermione, will you give it a rest with the elf! said Ron.  Sirius shook his head and said, She's got the measure of Crouch better than you have, Ron. If you want to know what a mans like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.  He ran a hand over his unshaven face, evidently thinking hard.  All these absences of Barty Crouch's ... he goes to the trouble of making sure his house-elf saves him a seat at the Quidditch World Cup, but doesn't bother to turn up and watch. He works very hard to reinstate the Triwizard Tournament, and then stops coming to that too. . . . It's not like Crouch. If he's ever taken a day off work because of illness before this, I'll eat Buckbeak.  D'you know Crouch, then? said Harry.  Sirius's face darkened. He suddenly looked as menacing as he had the night when Harry first met him, the night when Harry still believed Sirius to be a murderer.  Oh I know Crouch all right, he said quietly. He was the one who gave the order for me to be sent to Azkaban - without a trial.  What? said Ron and Hermione together.  You're kidding! said Harry.  No, I'm not, said Sirius, taking another great bite of chicken. Crouch used to be Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, didn't you know?  Harry, Ron, and Hermione shook their heads.  He was tipped for the next Minister of Magic, said Sirius. He's a great wizard, Barty Crouch, powerfully magical - and power-hungry. Oh never a Voldemort supporter, he said, reading the look on Harrys face. No, Barty Crouch was always very outspoken against the Dark Side. But then a lot of people who were against the Dark Side . . . well, you wouldn't understand . . . you're too young. ...  That's what my dad said at the World Cup, said Ron, with a trace of irritation in his voice. Try us, why don't you?  A grin flashed across Sirius's thin face.  All right, I'll try you. . . . He walked once up the cave, back again, and then said, Imagine that Voldemort's powerful now. You don't know who his supporters are, you don't know who's working for him and who isn't	 you know he can control people so that they do terrible things without being able to stop themselves. You're scared for yourself, and your family, and your friends. Every week, news comes of more deaths, more disappearances, more torturing . . . the Ministry of Magic's in disarray, they don't know what to do, they're trying to keep everything hidden from the Muggles, but meanwhile, Muggles are dying too. Terror everywhere . . . panic . . . confusion . . . that's how it used to be.  Well, times like that bring out the best in some people and the worst in others.  Crouch's principles might've been good in the beginning - I wouldn't know. He rose quickly through the Ministry, and he started ordering very harsh measures against Voldemorts supporters. The Aurors were given new powers - powers to kill rather than capture, for instance. And I wasn't the only one who was handed straight to the dementors without trial. Crouch fought violence with violence, and authorized the use of  the Unforgivable Curses against suspects. I would say he became as ruthless and cruel as many on the Dark Side. He had his supporters, mind you - plenty of people thought he was going about things the right way, and there were a lot of witches and wizards clamoring for him to take over as Minister of Magic. When Voldemort disappeared, it looked like only a matter of time until Crouch got the top job. But then something rather unfortunate happened. ... Sirius smiled grimly. Crouch's own son was caught with a group of Death Eaters who'd managed to talk their way out of Azkaban. Apparently they were trying to find Voldemort and return him to power.  Crouch's son was caught? gasped Hermione.  Yep, said Sirius, throwing his chicken bone to Buckbeak, flinging himself back down on the ground beside the loaf of bread, and tearing it in half. Nasty little shock for old Barty, I'd imagine. Should have spent a bit more time at home with his family, shouldn't he? Ought to have left the office early once in a while . . . gotten to know his own son.  He began to wolf down large pieces of bread.  Was his son a Death Eater? said Harry.  No idea, said Sirius, still stuffing down bread. I was in Azkaban myself when he was brought in. This is mostly stuff I've found out since I got out. The boy was definitely caught in the company of people I'd bet my life were Death Eaters - but he might have been in the wrong place at the wrong time, just like the house-elf.  Did Crouch try and get his son off? Hermione whispered.  Sirius let out a laugh that was much more like a bark.  Crouch let his son off? I thought you had the measure of him, Hermione! Anything that threatened to tarnish his reputation had to go	 he had dedicated his whole life to becoming Minister of Magic. You saw him dismiss a devoted house-elf because she associated him with the Dark Mark again - doesn't that tell you what he's like? Crouch's fatherly affection stretched just far enough to give his son a trial, and by all accounts, it wasn't much more than an excuse for Crouch to show how much he hated the boy . . . then he sent him straight to Azkaban.  He gave his own son to the dementors? asked Harry quietly.  That's right, said Sirius, and he didn't look remotely amused now. I saw the dementors bringing him in, watched them through the bars in my cell door. He can't have been more than nineteen. They took him into a cell near mine. He was screaming for his mother by nightfall. He went quiet after a few days, though . . .they all went quiet in the end. . . except when they shrieked in their sleep. ...  For a moment, the deadened look in Sirius's eyes became more pronounced than ever, as though shutters had closed behind them.  So he's still in Azkaban? Harry said.  No, said Sirius dully. No, he's not in there anymore. He died about a year after they brought him in.  He died?  He wasn't the only one, said Sirius bitterly. Most go mad in there, and plenty stop eating in the end. They lose the will to live. You could always tell when a death was coming, because the dementors could sense it, they got excited. That boy looked pretty sickly when he arrived. Crouch being an important Ministry member, he and his wife were allowed a deathbed visit. That was the last time I saw Barty Crouch, half carrying his wife past my cell. She died herself, apparently, shortly afterward. Grief. Wasted away just like the boy. Crouch never came for his sons body. The dementors buried him outside the fortress	 I watched them do it.  Sirius threw aside the bread he had just lifted to his mouth and instead picked up the flask of pumpkin juice and drained it.  So old Crouch lost it all, just when he thought he had it made, he continued, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. One moment, a hero, poised to become Minister of Magic...next, his son dead, his wife dead, the family name dishonored, and, so I've heard since I escaped, a big drop in popularity. Once the boy had died, people started feeling a bit more sympathetic toward the son and started asking how a nice young lad from a good family had gone so badly astray. The conclusion was that his father never cared much for him. So Cornelius Fudge got the top job, and Crouch was shunted sideways into the Department of International Magical Cooperation.  There was a long silence. Harry was thinking of the way Crouch's eyes had bulged as he'd looked down at his disobedient house-elf back in the wood at the Quidditch World Cup.  This, then, must have been why Crouch had overreacted to Winky being found beneath the Dark Mark. It had brought back memories of his son, and the old scandal, and his fall from grace at the Ministry.  Moody says Crouch is obsessed with catching Dark wizards, Harry told Sirius.  Yeah, I've heard it's become a bit of a mania with him, said Sirius, nodding. If you ask me, he still thinks he can bring back the old popularity by catching one more Death Eater.  And he sneaked up here to search Snape's office! s aid Ron triumphantly, looking at Hermione.  Yes, and that doesn't make sense at all, said Sirius.  Yeah, it does! said Ron excitedly, but Sirius shook his head.  Listen, if Crouch wants to investigate Snape, why hasn't he been coming to judge the tournament? It would be an ideal excuse to make regular visits to Hogwarts and keep an eye on him.  So you think Snape could be up to something, then? asked Harry, but Hermione broke in.  Look, I don't care what you say, Dumbledore trusts Snape -  Oh give it a rest, Hermione, said Ron impatiently. I know Dumbledores brilliant and everything, but that doesn't mean a really clever Dark wizard couldn't fool him -  Why did Snape save Harry's life in the first year, then? Why didn't he just let him die?  I dunno - maybe he thought Dumbledore would kick him out-  What d'you think, Sirius? Harry said loudly, and Ron and Hermione stopped bickering to listen.  I think they've both got a point, said Sirius, looking thoughtfully at Ron and Hermione. Ever since I found out Snape was teaching here, I've wondered why Dumbledore hired him. Snape's always been fascinated by the Dark Arts, he was famous for it at school. Slimy, oily, greasy-haired kid, he was, Sirius added, and Harry and Ron grinned at each other. Snape knew more curses when he arrived at school than half the kids in seventh year, and he was part of a gang of Slytherins who nearly all turned out to be Death Eaters.  Sirius held up his fingers and began ticking off names.  Rosier and Wilkes - they were both killed by Aurors the year before Voldemort fell. The Lestranges - they're a married couple - they're in Azkaban. Avery - from what I've heard he wormed his way out of trouble by saying he'd been acting under the Imperius Curse -he's still at large. But as far as I know, Snape was never even accused of being a Death Eater - not that that means much. Plenty of them were never caught. And Snape s certainly clever and cunning enough to keep himself out of trouble.  Snape knows Karkaroff pretty well, but he wants to keep that quiet, said Ron.  Yeah, you should've seen Snape's face when Karkaroff turned up in Potions yesterday!  said Harry quickly. Karkaroff wanted to talk to Snape, he says Snape's been avoiding him. Karkaroff looked really worried. He showed Snape something on his arm, but I couldn't see what it was.  He showed Snape something on his arm? said Sirius, looking frankly bewildered. He ran his fingers distractedly through his filthy hair, then shrugged again. Well, I've no idea what that's about. . . but if Karkaroff s genuinely worried, and he's going to Snape for answers ...  Sirius stared at the cave wall, then made a grimace of frustration.  There's still the fact that Dumbledore trusts Snape, and I know Dumbledore trusts where a lot of other people wouldn't, but I just can't see him letting Snape teach at Hogwarts if he'd ever worked for Voldemort.  Why are Moody and Crouch so keen to get into Snapes office then? said Ron stubbornly.  Well, said Sirius slowly, I wouldn't put it past Mad-Eye to have searched every single teacher's office when he got to Hogwarts. He takes his Defense Against the Dark Arts seriously, Moody. I'm not sure he trusts anyone at all, and after the things he's seen, it's not surprising. I'll say this for Moody, though, he never killed if he could help it. Always brought people in alive where possible. He was tough, but he never descended to the level of the Death Eaters. Crouch, though . . . he's a different matter ... is he really ill? If he is, why did he make the effort to drag himself up to Snape's office?  And if he's not. . . what's he up to? What was he doing at the World Cup that was so important he didn't turn up in the Top Box? What's he been doing while he should have been judging the tournament?  Sirius lapsed into silence, still staring at the cave wall. Buckbeak was ferreting around on the rocky floor, looking for bones he might have overlooked. Finally, Sirius looked up at Ron.  You say your brother s Crouch's personal assistant? Any chance you could ask him if he's seen Crouch lately?  I can try, said Ron doubtfully. Better not make it sound like I reckon Crouch is up to anything dodgy, though. Percy loves Crouch.  And you might try and find out whether they've got any leads on Bertha Jorkins while you're at it, said Sirius, gesturing to the second copy of the Daily Prophet.  Bagman told me they hadn't, said Harry.  Yes, he's quoted in the article in there, said Sirius, nodding at the paper.  Blustering on about how bad Bertha's memory is. Well, maybe she's changed since I knew her, but the Bertha I knew wasn't forgetful at all - quite the reverse. She was a bit dim, but she had an excellent memory for gossip. It used to get her into a lot of trouble
Goblet of Fire=  Harry, Ron, and Hermione went up to the Owlery after breakfast on Sunday to send a letter to Percy, asking, as Sirius had suggested, whether he had seen Mr. Crouch lately. They used Hedwig, because it had been so long since she'd had a job. When they had watched her fly out of sight through the Owlery window, they proceeded down to the kitchen to give Dobby his new socks.  The house-elves gave them a very cheery welcome, bowing and curtsying and bustling around making tea again. Dobby was ecstatic about his present.  Harry Potter is too good to Dobby! he squeaked, wiping large tears out of his enormous eyes.  You saved my life with that gillyweed, Dobby, you really did, said Harry.  No chance of more of those eclairs, is there? said Ron, who was looking around at the beaming and bowing house-elves.  You've just had breakfast! said Hermione irritably, but a great silver platter of eclairs was already zooming toward them, supported by four elves.  We should get some stuff to send up to Snuffles, Harry muttered.  Good idea, said Ron. Give Pig something to do. You couldn't give us a bit of extra food, could you? he said to the surrounding elves, and they bowed delightedly and hurried off to get some more.  Dobby, where's Winky? said Hermione, who was looking around.  Winky is over there by the fire, miss, said Dobby quietly, his ears drooping slightly.  Oh dear, said Hermione as she spotted Winky.  Harry looked over at the fireplace too. Winky was sitting on the same stool as last time, but she had allowed herself to become so filthy that she was not immediately distinguishable from the smoke-blackened brick behind her. Her clothes were ragged and unwashed. She was clutching a bottle of butterbeer and swaying slightly on her stool, staring into the fire. As they watched her, she gave an enormous hiccup.  Winky is getting through six bottles a day now, Dobby whispered to Harry.  Well, it's not strong, that stuff, Harry said.  But Dobby shook his head. 'Tis strong for a house-elf, sir, he said.  Winky hiccuped again. The elves who had brought the eclairs gave her disapproving looks as they returned to work.  Winky is pining, Harry Potter, Dobby whispered sadly. Winky wants to go home. Winky still thinks Mr. Crouch is her master, sir, and nothing Dobby says will persuade her that Professor Dumbledore is her master now.  Hey, Winky, said Harry, struck by a sudden inspiration, walking over to her, and bending down, you don't know what Mr. Crouch might be up to, do you? Because he's stopped turning up to judge the Triwizard Tournament.  Winky's eyes flickered. Her enormous pupils focused on Harry. She swayed slightly again and then said, M - Master is stopped - hic - coming?  Yeah, said Harry, we haven't seen him since the first task. The Daily Prophet's saying he's ill.  Winky swayed some more, staring blurrily at Harry.  Master- hic- ill?  Her bottom lip began to tremble.  But we're not sure if that's true, said Hermione quickly.  Master is needing his - hie - Winky! whimpered the elf. Master cannot - hic - manage - hic - all by himself. . . .  Other people manage to do their own housework, you know, Winky, Hermione said severely.  Winky - hic - is not only - hic - doing housework for Mr. Crouch! Winky squeaked indignantly, swaying worse than ever and slopping butterbeer down her already heavily stained blouse. Master is - hic - trusting Winky with - hic - the most important - hic - the most secret...  What? said Harry.  But Winky shook her head very hard, spilling more butterbeer down herself.  Winky keeps - hic - her master's secrets, she said mutinously, swaying very heavily now, frowning up at Harry with her eyes crossed. You is - hic - nosing, you is.  Winky must not talk like that to Harry Potter! said Dobby angrily. Harry Potter is brave and noble and Harry Potter is not nosy!  He is nosing - hic - into my master's - hic - private and secret - hic - Winky is a good house-elf- hic - Winky keeps her silence - hic - people trying to - hic - pry and poke -hic -  Winky's eyelids drooped and suddenly, without warning, she slid off her stool into the hearth, snoring loudly. The empty bottle of butterbeer rolled away across the stone-flagged floor. Half a dozen house-elves came hurrying forward, looking disgusted.  One of them picked up the bottle	 the others covered Winky with a large checked tablecloth and tucked the ends in neatly, hiding her from view.  We is sorry you had to see that, sirs and miss! squeaked a nearby elf, shaking his head and looking very ashamed. We is hoping you will not judge us all by Winky, sirs and miss!  She's unhappy! said Hermione, exasperated. Why don't you try and cheer her up instead  of covering her up?  Begging your pardon, miss, said the house-elf, bowing deeply again, but house-elves has no right to be unhappy when there is work to be done and masters to be served.  Oh for heavens sake! Hermione cried. Listen to me, all of you! You've got just as much right as wizards to be unhappy! You've got the right to wages and holidays and proper clothes, you don't have to do everything you're told - look at Dobby!  Miss will please keep Dobby out of this, Dobby mumbled, looking scared. The cheery smiles had vanished from the faces of the house-elves around the kitchen. They were suddenly looking at Hermione as though she were mad and dangerous.  We has your extra food! squeaked an elf at Harry's elbow, and he shoved a large ham, a dozen cakes, and some fruit into Harry's arms. Good-bye!  The house-elves crowded around Harry, Ron, and Hermione and began shunting them out of the kitchen, many little hands pushing in the smalls of their backs.  Thank you for the socks, Harry Potter! Dobby called miserably from the hearth, where he was standing next to the lumpy tablecloth that was Winky.  You couldn't keep your mouth shut, could you, Hermione? said Ron angrily as the kitchen door slammed shut behind them. They won't want us visiting them now! We could've tried to get more stuff out of Winky about Crouch!  Oh as if you care about that! scoffed Hermione. You only like coming down here for the food!  It was an irritable sort of day after that. Harry got so tired of Ron and Hermione sniping at each other over their homework in the common room that he took Sirius's food up to the Owlery that evening on his own.  Pigwidgeon was much too small to carry an entire ham up to the mountain by himself, so Harry enlisted the help of two school screech owls as well. When they had set off into the dusk, looking extremely odd carrying the large package between them. Harry leaned on the windowsill, looking out at the grounds, at the dark, rustling treetops of the Forbidden Forest, and the rippling sails of the Durmstrang ship. An eagle owl flew through the coil of smoke rising from Hagrids chimney	 it soared toward the castle, around the Owlery, and out of sight. Looking down, Harry saw Hagrid digging energetically in front of his cabin. Harry wondered what he was doing	 it looked as though he were making a new vegetable patch. As he watched, Madame Maxime emerged from the Beauxbatons carriage and walked over to Hagrid. She appeared to be trying to engage him in conversation. Hagrid leaned upon his spade, but did not seem keen to prolong their talk, because Madame Maxime returned to the carriage shortly afterward.  Unwilling to go back to Gryffindor Tower and listen to Ron and Hermione snarling at each other, Harry watched Hagrid digging until the darkness swallowed him and the owls around Harry began to awake, swooshing past him into the night.  By breakfast the next day Ron's and Hermione's bad moods had burnt out, and to Harrys relief, Ron's dark predictions that the house-elves would send substandard food up to the Gryffindor table because Hermione had insulted them proved false	 the bacon, eggs, and kippers were quite as good as usual.  When the post owls arrived, Hermione looked up eagerly	 she seemed to be expecting something.  Percy won't've had time to answer yet, said Ron. We only sent Hedwig yesterday.  No, it's not that, said Hermione. I've taken out a subscription to the Daily Prophet.  I'm getting sick of finding everything out from the Slytherins.  Good thinking! said Harry, also looking up at the owls. Hey, Hermione, I think you're in luck -  A gray owl was soaring down toward Hermione.  It hasn't got a newspaper, though, she said, looking disappointed. It's -  But to her bewilderment, the gray owl landed in front of her plate, closely followed by four barn owls, a brown owl, and a tawny.  How many subscriptions did you take out? said Harry, seizing Hermione's goblet before it was knocked over by the cluster of owls, all of whom were jostling close to her, trying to deliver their own letter first.  What on earth - ? Hermione said, taking the letter from the gray owl, opening it, and starting to read. Oh really! she sputtered, going rather red.  What's up? said Ron.  It,'s - oh how ridiculous -  She thrust the letter at Harry, who saw that it was not handwritten, but composed from pasted letters that seemed to have been cut out of the Daily Prophet.  YOU ARE A WICKED GIRL. HARRY POTTER DESERVES BETTER. GO BACK WHERE YOU CAME FROM MUGGLE.  They're all like it! said Hermione desperately, opening one letter after another.  'Harry Potter can do much better than the likes of you. . . .' 'You deserve to be boiled in frog spawn. . . .' Ouch!  She had opened the last envelope, and yellowish-green liquid smelling strongly of petrol gushed over her hands, which began to erupt in large yellow boils.  Undiluted bubotuber pus! said Ron, picking up the envelope gingerly and sniffing it.  Ow! said Hermione, tears starting in her eyes as she tried to rub the pus off her hands with a napkin, but her fingers were now so thickly covered in painful sores that it looked as though she were wearing a pair of thick, knobbly gloves.  You'd better get up to the hospital wing, said Harry as the owls around Hermione took flight. We'll tell Professor Sprout where you've gone. . . .  I warned her! said Ron as Hermione hurried out of the Great Hall, cradling her hands.  I warned her not to annoy Rita Skeeter! Look at this one ... He read out one of the letters Hermione had left behind: I read In Witch Weekly about how you are playing Harry Potter false and that boy has had enough hardship and I will be sending you a curse by next post as soon as I can find a big enough envelope.' Blimey, she'd better watch out for herself.  Hermione didn't turn up for Herbology. As Harry and Ron left the greenhouse for their Care of Magical Creatures class, they saw Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle descending the stone steps of the castle. Pansy Parkinson was whispering and giggling behind them with her gang of Slytherin girls. Catching sight of Harry, Pansy called, Potter, have you split up with your girlfriend? Why was she so upset at breakfast?  Harry ignored her	 he didn't want to give her the satisfaction of knowing how much trouble the Witch Weekly article had caused.  Hagrid, who had told them last lesson that they had finished with unicorns, was waiting for them outside his cabin with a fresh supply of open crates at his feet. Harrys heart sank at the sight of the crates - surely not another skrewt hatching? - but when he got near enough to see inside, he found himself looking at a number of flurry black creatures with long snouts. Their front paws were curiously flat, like spades, and they were blinking up at the class, looking politely puzzled at all the attention.  These're nifflers, said Hagrid, when the class had gathered around. Yeh find 'em down mines mostly. They like sparkly stuff. . . . There yeh go, look.  One of the nifflers had suddenly leapt up and attempted to bite Pansy Parkinson's watch off her wrist. She shrieked and jumped backward.  Useful little treasure detectors, said Hagrid happily. Thought we'd have some fun with 'em today. See over there? He pointed at the large patch of freshly turned earth Harry had watched him digging from the Owlery window. I've buried some gold coins.  I've got a prize fer whoever picks the niffler that digs up most. Jus' take off all yer valuables, an' choose a niffler, an get ready ter set 'em loose.  Harry took off his watch, which he was only wearing out of habit, as it didn't work anymore, and stuffed it into his pocket. Then he picked up a niffler. It put its long snout in Harry's ear and sniffed enthusiastically. It was really quite cuddly.  Hang on, said Hagrid, looking down into the crate, there's a spare niffler here . . .  who's missin? Where's Hermione?  She had to go to the hospital wing, said Ron.  We'll explain later, Harry muttered	 Pansy Parkinson was listening.  It was easily the most fun they had ever had in Care of Magical Creatures. The nifflers dived in and out of the patch of earth as though it were water, each scurrying back to the student who had released it and spitting gold into their hands. Ron's was particularly efficient	 it had soon filled his lap with coins.  Can you buy these as pets, Hagrid? he asked excitedly as his niffler dived back into the soil, splattering his robes.  Yer mum wouldn' be happy, Ron, said Hagrid, grinning. They wreck houses, nifflers. I reckon they've nearly got the lot, now, he added, pacing around the patch of earth while the nifflers continued to dive. I on'y buried a hundred coins. Oh there y'are,  Hermione!  Hermione was walking toward them across the lawn. Her hands were very heavily bandaged and she looked miserable. Pansy Parkinson was watching her beadily.  Well, let's check how yeh've done! said Hagrid. Count yer coins! An' there's no point tryin' ter steal any, Goyle, he added, his beetle-black eyes narrowed. It's leprechaun gold. Vanishes after a few hours.  Goyle emptied his pockets, looking extremely sulky. It turned out that Ron's niffler had been most successful, so Hagrid gave him an enormous slab of Honeydukes chocolate for a prize. The bell rang across the grounds for lunch	 the rest of the class set off back to the castle, but Harry, Ron, and Hermione stayed behind to help Hagrid put the nifflers back in their boxes. Harry noticed Madame Maxime watching them out other carriage window.  What yeh done ter your hands, Hermione? said Hagrid, looking concerned.  Hermione told him about the hate mail she had received that morning, and the envelope full of bubotuber pus.  Aaah, don worry, said Hagrid gendy, looking down at her. I got some o' those letters an all, after Rita Skeeter wrote abou me mum. 'Yeh're a monster an yeh should be put down.' 'Yer mother killed innocent people an if you had any decency you d jump in a lake.'  No! said Hermione, looking shocked.  Yeah, said Hagrid, heaving the niffler crates over by his cabin wall. They're jus' nutters, Hermione. Don' open 'em if yeh get any more. Chuck 'em straigh' in the fire.  You missed a really good lesson, Harry told Hermione as they headed back toward the castle. They're good, nifflers, aren't they, Ron?  Ron, however, was frowning at the chocolate Hagrid had given him. He looked thoroughly put out about something.  What's the matter? said Harry. Wrong flavor?  No, said Ron shortly. Why didn't you tell me about the gold?  What gold? said Harry.  The gold I gave you at the Quidditch World Cup, said Ron. The leprechaun gold I gave you for my Omnioculars. In the Top Box. Why didn't you tell me it disappeared?  Harry had to think for a moment before he realized what Ron was talking about.  Oh . . . he said, the memory coming back to him at last. I dunno ... I never noticed it had gone. I was more worried about my wand, wasn't I?  They climbed the steps into the entrance hall and went into the Great Hall for lunch.  Must be nice, Ron said abruptly, when they had sat down and started serving themselves roast beef and Yorkshire puddings. To have so much money you don't notice if a pocketful of Galleons goes missing.  Listen, I had other stuff on my mind that night! s aid Harry impatiently. We all did, remember?  I didn't know leprechaun gold vanishes, Ron muttered. I thought I was paying you back. You shouldn't've given me that Chudley Cannon hat for Christmas.  Forget it, all right? said Harry.  Ron speared a roast potato on the end of his fork, glaring at it. Then he said, I hate being poor.  Harry and Hermione looked at each other. Neither of them really knew what to say.  It's rubbish, said Ron, still glaring down at his potato. I don't blame Fred and George for trying to make some extra money. Wish I could. Wish I had a niffler.  Well, we know what to get you next Christmas, said Hermione brightly. Then, when Ron continued to look gloomy, she said, Come on, Ron, it could be worse. At least your fingers aren't full of pus. Hermione was having a lot of difficulty managing her knife and fork, her fingers were so stiff and swollen. I hate that Skeeter woman! she burst out savagely. I'll get her back for this if it's the last thing I do!  Hate mail continued to arrive for Hermione over the following week, and although she followed Hagrid's advice and stopped opening it, several of her ill-wishers sent Howlers, which exploded at the Gryffindor table and shrieked insults at her for the whole Hall to hear. Even those people who didn't read Witch Weekly knew all about the supposed Harry-Krum-Hermione triangle now. Harry was getting sick of telling people that Hermione wasn't his girlfriend.  It'll die down, though, he told Hermione, if we just ignore it. ... People got bored with that stuff she wrote about me last time  I want to know how she's listening into private conversations when she's supposed to be banned from the grounds! said Hermione angrily.  Hermione hung back in their next Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson to ask Professor Moody something. The rest of the class was very eager to leave	 Moody had given them such a rigorous test of hex-deflection that many of them were nursing small injuries.  Harry had such a bad case of Twitchy Ears, he had to hold his hands clamped over them as he walked away from the class.  Well, Rita's definitely not using an Invisibility Cloak! Hermione panted five minutes later, catching up with Harry and Ron in the entrance hall and pulling Harrys hand away from one of his wiggling ears so that he could hear her. Moody says he didn't see her anywhere near the judges' table at the second task, or anywhere near the lake!  Hermione, is there any point in telling you to drop this? said Ron.  No! said Hermione stubbornly. I want to know how she heard me talking to Viktor! And how she found out about Hagrids mum!  Maybe she had you bugged, said Harry.  Bugged? said Ron blankly. What. . . put fleas on her or something?  Harry started explaining about hidden microphones and recording equipment. Ron was fascinated, but Hermione interrupted them.  Aren't you two ever going to read Hogwarts, A History^  What's the point? said Ron. You know it by heart, we can just ask you.  All those substitutes for magic Muggles use - electricity, computers, and radar, and all those things - they all go haywire around Hogwarts, there's too much magic in the air.  No, Rita's using magic to eavesdrop, she must be. ... If I could just find out what it is ... ooh, if it's illegal, I'll have her ...  Haven't we got enough to worry about? Ron asked her. Do we have to start a vendetta against Rita Skeeter as well?  I'm not asking you to help! Hermione snapped. I'll do it on my own!  She marched back up the marble staircase without a backward glance. Harry was quite sure she was going to the library.  What's the betting she comes back with a box of / Hate Rita Skeeter badges? said Ron.  Hermione, however, did not ask Harry and Ron to help her pursue vengeance against Rita Skeeter, for which they were both grateful, because their workload was mounting ever higher in the days before the Easter holidays. Harry frankly marveled at the fact that Hermione could research magical methods of eavesdropping as well as everything else they had to do. He was working flat-out just to get through all their homework, though he made a point of sending regular food packages up to the cave in the mountain for Sirius	 after last summer, Harry had not forgotten what it felt like to be continually hungry.  He enclosed notes to Sirius, telling him that nothing out of the ordinary had happened, and that they were still waiting for an answer from Percy.  Hedwig didn't return until the end of the Easter holidays. Percy's letter was enclosed in a package of Easter eggs that Mrs. Weasley had sent. Both Harrys and Ron's were the size of dragon eggs and full of homemade toffee. Hermiones, however, was smaller than a chicken egg. Her face fell when she saw it.  Your mum doesn't read Witch Weekly, by any chance, does she, Ron? she asked quietly.  Yeah, said Ron, whose mouth was full of toffee. Gets it for the recipes.  Hermione looked sadly at her tiny egg.  Don't you want to see what Percy's written? Harry asked her hastily.  Percys letter was short and irritated.  As I am constantly telling the Daily Prophet, Mr. Crouch is taking a well-deserved break.  He is sending in regular owls with instructions. No, I haven't actually seen him, but I think I can be trusted to know my own superior's handwriting. I have quite enough to do at the moment without trying to quash these ridiculous rumors. Please don't bother me again unless it's something important. Happy Easter.  The start of the summer term would normally have meant that Harry was training hard for the last Quidditch match of the season. This year, however, it was the third and final task in the Triwizard Tournament for which he needed to prepare, but he still didn't know what he would have to do. Finally, in the last week of May, Professor McGonagall held him back in Transfiguration.  You are to go down to the Quidditch field tonight at nine o'clock. Potter, she told  him. Mr. Bagman will be there to tell the champions about the third task.  So at half past eight that night. Harry left Ron and Hermione in Gryffindor Tower and went downstairs. As he crossed the entrance hall, Cedric came up from the Hufflepuff common room.  What d'you reckon it's going to be? he asked Harry as they went together down the stone steps, out into the cloudy night. Fleur keeps going on about underground tunnels	 she reckons we've got to find treasure.  That wouldn't be too bad, said Harry, thinking that he would simply ask Hagrid for a niffler to do the job for him.  They walked down the dark lawn to the Quidditch stadium, turned through a gap in the stands, and walked out onto the field.  What've they done to it? Cedric said indignantly, stopping dead.  The Quidditch field was no longer smooth and flat. It looked as though somebody had been building long, low walls all over it that twisted and crisscrossed in every direction.  They're hedges! said Harry, bending to examine the nearest one.  Hello there! called a cheery voice.  Ludo Bagman was standing in the middle of the field with Krum and Fleur. Harry and Cedric made their way toward them, climbing over the hedges. Fleur beamed at Harry as he came nearer. Her attitude toward him had changed completely since he had saved her sister from the lake.  Well, what d'you think? said Bagman happily as Harry and Cedric climbed over the last hedge. Growing nicely, aren't they? Give them a month and Hagrid'll have them twenty feet high. Don't worry, he added, grinning, spotting the less-than-happy expressions on Harrys and Cedric's faces, you'll have your Quidditch field back to normal once the task is over! Now, I imagine you can guess what we're making here?  No one spoke for a moment. Then -  Maze, grunted Krum.  That's right! said Bagman. A maze. The third task's really very straightforward.  The Triwizard Cup will be placed in the center of the maze. The first champion to touch it will receive full marks.  We seemply 'ave to get through the maze? said Fleur.  There will be obstacles, said Bagman happily, bouncing on the balls of his feet.  Hagrid is providing a number of creatures . . . then there will be spells that must be broken ... all that sort of thing, you know. Now, the champions who are leading on points will get a head start into the maze. Bagman grinned at Harry and Cedric. Then Mr. Krum will enter . . . then Miss Delacour. But you'll all be in with a fighting chance, depending how well you get past the obstacles. Should be fun, eh?  Harry, who knew only too well the kind of creatures that Hagrid was likely to provide for an event like this, thought it was unlikely to be any fun at all. However, he nodded politely like the other champions.  Very well. . . if you haven't got any questions, we'll go back up to the castle, shall we, it's a bit chilly. ...  Bagman hurried alongside Harry as they began to wend their way out of the growing maze.  Harry had the feeling that Bagman was going to start offering to help him again, but just then, Krum tapped Harry on the shoulder.  Could I haff a vord?  Yeah, all right, said Harry, slightly surprised.  Vill you valk vith me?  Okay, said Harry curiously.  Bagman looked slightly perturbed.  I'll wait for you. Harry, shall I?  No, it's okay, Mr. Bagman, said Harry, suppressing a smile, I think I can find the castle on my own, thanks.  Harry and Krum left the stadium together, but Krum did not set a course for the Durmstrang ship. Instead, he walked toward the forest.  What're we going this way for? said Harry as they passed Hagrid s cabin and the illuminated Beauxbatons carriage.  Don't vont to be overheard, said Krum shortly.  When at last they had reached a quiet stretch of ground a short way from the Beauxbatons horses' paddock, Krum stopped in the shade of the trees and turned to face Harry.  I vant to know, he said, glowering, vot there is between you and Hermy-own-ninny.  Harry, who from Krum's secretive manner had expected something much more serious than this, stared up at Krum in amazement.  Nothing, he said. But Krum glowered at him, and Harry, somehow struck anew by how tall Krum was, elaborated. We're friends. She's not my girlfriend and she never has been.  It's just that Skeeter woman making things up.  Hermy-own-ninny talks about you very often, said Krum, looking suspiciously at Harry.  Yeah, said Harry, because were friends.  He couldn't quite believe he was having this conversation with Viktor Krum, the famous International Quidditch player. It was as though the eighteen-year-old Krum thought he.  Harry, was an equal - a real rival -  You haff never . . . you haff not...  No, said Harry very firmly.  Krum looked slightly happier. He stared at Harry for a few seconds, then said, You fly very veil. I vos votching at the first task.  Thanks, said Harry, grinning broadly and suddenly feeling much taller himself. I saw you at the Quidditch World Cup. The Wronski Feint, you really -  But something moved behind Krum in the trees, and Harry, who had some experience of the sort of thing that lurked in the forest, instinctively grabbed Krum's arm and pulled him around.  Vot is it?  Harry shook his head, staring at the place where he'd seen movement. He slipped his hand inside his robes, reaching for his wand.  Suddenly a man staggered out from behind a tall oak. For a moment, Harry didn't recognize him . . . then he realized it was Mr. Crouch.  He looked as though he had been traveling for days. The knees of his robes were ripped and bloody, his face scratched	 he was unshaven and gray with exhaustion. His neat hair and mustache were both in need of a wash and a trim. His strange appearance, however, was nothing to the way he was behaving. Muttering and gesticulating, Mr. Crouch appeared to be talking to someone that he alone could see. He reminded Harry vividly of an old tramp he had seen once when out shopping with the Dursleys. That man too had been conversing wildly with thin air
Goblet of Fire=  It comes down to this, said Hermione, rubbing her forehead. Either Mr. Crouch attacked Viktor, or somebody else attacked both of them when Viktor wasn't looking.  It must've been Crouch, said Ron at once. That's why he was gone when Harry and Dumbledore got there. He'd done a runner.  I don't think so, said Harry, shaking his head. He seemed really weak - I don't reckon he was up to Disapparating or anything.  You cant Disapparate on the Hogwarts grounds, haven't I told you enough times? said Hermione.  Okay. . . hows this for a theory, said Ron excitedly. Krum attacked Crouch - no, wait for it - and then Stunned himself!  And Mr. Crouch evaporated, did he? said Hermione coldly.  Oh yeah . . .  It was daybreak. Harry, Ron, and Hermione had crept out of their dormitories very early and hurried up to the Owlery together to send a note to Sirius. Now they were standing looking out at the misty grounds. All three of them were puffy-eyed and pale because they had been talking late into the night about Mr. Crouch.  Just go through it again, Harry, said Hermione. What did Mr. Crouch actually say?  I've told you, he wasn't making much sense, said Harry. He said he wanted to warn Dumbledore about something. He definitely mentioned Bertha Jorkins, and he seemed to think she was dead. He kept saying stuff was his fault. . . . He mentioned his son.  Well, that was his fault, said Hermione testily.  He was out of his mind, said Harry. Half the time he seemed to think his wife and son were still alive, and he kept talking to Percy about work and giving him instructions.  And . . . remind me what he said about You-Know-Who? said Ron tentatively.  I've told you, Harry repeated dully. He said he's getting stronger.  There was a pause. Then Ron said in a falsely confident voice, But he was out of his mind, like you said, so half of it was probably just raving. ...  He was sanest when he was trying to talk about Voldemort, said Harry, and Ron winced at the sound of the name. He was having real trouble stringing two words together, but that was when he seemed to know where he was, and know what he wanted to do. He just kept saying he had to see Dumbledore.  Harry turned away from the window and stared up into the rafters. The many perches were half-empty	 every now and then, another owl would swoop in through one of the windows, returning from its night's hunting with a mouse in its beak.  If Snape hadn't held me up, Harry said bitterly, we might've got there in time. 'The headmaster is busy. Potter . . . what's this rubbish, Potter?' Why couldn't he have just got out of the way?  Maybe he didn't want you to get there! said Ron quickly. Maybe - hang on - how fast d'you reckon he could've gotten down to the forest? D'you reckon he could've beaten you and Dumbledore there?  Not unless he can turn himself into a bat or something, said Harry.  Wouldn't put it past him, Ron muttered.  We need to see Professor Moody, said Hermione. We need to find out whether he found Mr. Crouch,  If he had the Marauder's Map on him, it would've been easy, said Harry.  Unless Crouch was already outside the grounds, said Ron, because it only shows up to the boundaries, doesn't -  Shh! said Hermione suddenly.  Somebody was climbing the steps up to the Owlery. Harry could hear two voices arguing, coming closer and closer.  - that's blackmail, that is, we could get into a lot of trouble for that-  - we've tried being polite	 it's time to play dirty, like him. He wouldn't like the Ministry of Magic knowing what he did -  I'm telling you, if you put that in writing, it's blackmail!  Yeah, and you won't be complaining if we get a nice fat payoff, will you?  The Owlery door banged open. Fred and George came over the threshold, then froze at the sight of Harry, Ron, and Hermione.  What're you doing here? Ron and Fred said at the same time.  Sending a letter, said Harry and George in unison.  What, at this time? said Hermione and Fred.  Fred grinned.  Fine - we won't ask you what you're doing, if you don't ask us, he said.  He was holding a sealed envelope in his hands. Harry glanced at it, but Fred, whether accidentally or on purpose, shifted his hand so that the name on it was covered.  Well, don't let us hold you up, Fred said, making a mock bow and pointing at the door.  Ron didn't move. Who're you blackmailing? he said.  The grin vanished from Fred's face. Harry saw George half glance at Fred, before smiling at Ron.  Don't be stupid, I was only joking, he said easily.  Didn't sound like that, said Ron.  Fred and George looked at each other. Then Fred said abruptly, I've told you before, Ron, keep your nose out if you like it the shape it is. Can't see why you would, but -  It's my business if you're blackmailing someone, said Ron. George's right, you could end up in serious trouble for that.  Told you, I was joking, said George. He walked over to Fred, pulled the letter out of his hands, and began attaching it to the leg of the nearest barn owl. You're starting to sound a bit like our dear older brother, you are, Ron. Carry on like this and you'll be made a prefect.  No, I won't! said Ron hotly.  George carried the barn owl over to the window and it took off. George turned around and grinned at Ron.  Well, stop telling people what to do then. See you later.  He and Fred left the Owlery. Harry, Ron, and Hermione stared at one another.  You don't think they know something about all this, do you? Hermione whispered. About Crouch and everything?  No, said Harry. If it was something that serious, they'd tell someone. They'd tell Dumbledore.  Ron, however, was looking uncomfortable.  What's the matter? Hermione asked him.  Well. . . said Ron slowly, I dunno if they would. They're . . . they're obsessed with making money lately, I noticed it when I was hanging around with them - when - you know -  We weren't talking. Harry finished the sentence for him. Yeah, but blackmail...  It's this joke shop idea they've got, said Ron. I thought they were only saying it to annoy Mum, but they really mean it, they want to start one. They've only got a year left at Hogwarts, they keep going on about how it's time to think about their future, and Dad can't help them, and they need gold to get started.  Hermione was looking uncomfortable now.  Yes, but. . . they wouldn't do anything against the law to get gold.  Wouldn't they? said Ron, looking skeptical. I dunno . . . they don't exactly mind breaking rules, do they?  Yes, but this is the law said Hermione, looking scared. This isn't some silly school rule. . . . They'll get a lot more than detention for blackmail! Ron. . . maybe you'd  better tell Percy. . . .  Are you mad? said Ron. Tell Percy? He'd probably do a Crouch and turn them in. He stared at the window through which Fred and George's owl had departed, then said, Come on, let's get some breakfast.  D'you think it's too early to go and see Professor Moody? Hermione said as they went down the spiral staircase.  Yes, said Harry. He'd probably blast us through the door if we wake him at the crack of dawn	 he'll think we're trying to attack him while he's asleep. Let's give it till break.  History of Magic had rarely gone so slowly. Harry kept checking Ron's watch, having finally discarded his own, but Ron's was moving so slowly he could have sworn it had stopped working too. All three of them were so tired they could happily have put their heads down on the desks and slept	 even Hermione wasn't taking her usual notes, but was sitting with her head on her hand, gazing at Professor Binns with her eyes out of focus.  When the bell finally rang, they hurried out into the corridors toward the Dark Arts classroom and found Professor Moody leaving it. He looked as tired as they felt. The eyelid of his normal eye was drooping, giving his face an even more lopsided appearance than usual.  Professor Moody? Harry called as they made their way toward him through the crowd.  Hello, Potter, growled Moody. His magical eye followed a couple of passing first years, who sped up, looking nervous	 it rolled into the back of Moody's head and watched them around the corner before he spoke again.  Come in here.  He stood back to let them into his empty classroom, limped in after them, and closed the door.  Did you find him? Harry asked without preamble. Mr. Crouch?  No, said Moody. He moved over to his desk, sat down, stretched out his wooden leg with a slight groan, and pulled out his hip flask.  Did you use the map? Harry said.  Of course, said Moody, taking a swig from his flask. Took a leaf out of your book, Potter. Summoned it from my office into the forest. He wasn't anywhere on there.  So he did Disapparate? said Ron.  You can't Disapparate on the grounds, Ron! said Hermione. There are other ways he could have disappeared, aren't there, Professor?  Moody's magical eye quivered as it rested on Hermione. You're another one who might think about a career as an Auror, he told her. Mind works the right way. Granger.  Hermione flushed pink with pleasure.  Well, he wasn't invisible, said Harry. The map shows invisible people. He must've left the grounds, then.  But under his own steam? said Hermione eagerly, or because someone made him?  Yeah, someone could've - could've pulled him onto a broom and flown off with him, couldn't they? said Ron quickly, looking hopefully at Moody as if he too wanted to be told he had the makings of an Auror.  We can't rule out kidnap, growled Moody.  So, said Ron, d'you reckon he's somewhere in Hogsmeade?  Could be anywhere, said Moody, shaking his head. Only thing we know for sure is that he's not here.  He yawned widely, so that his scars stretched, and his lopsided mouth revealed a number of missing teeth. Then he said, Now, Dumbledore's told me you three fancy yourselves as investigators, but there's nothing you can do for Crouch. The Ministry'll be looking for him now, Dumbledore's notified them. Potter, you just keep your mind on the third task.  What? said Harry. Oh yeah . . .  He hadn't given the maze a single thought since he'd left it with Krum the previous night.  Should be right up your street, this one, said Moody, looking up at Harry and scratching his scarred and stubbly chin. From what Dumbledore's said, you've managed to get through stuff like this plenty of times. Broke your way through a series of obstacles guarding the Sorcerers Stone in your first year, didn't you?  We helped, Ron said quickly. Me and Hermione helped.  Moody grinned.  Well, help him practice for this one, and I'll be very surprised if he doesn't win,  said Moody. In the meantime .. . constant vigilance, Potter. Constant vigilance. He took another long draw from his hip flask, and his magical eye swiveled onto the window.  The topmost sail of the Durmstrang ship was visible through it.  You two, counseled Moody, his normal eye on Ron and Hermione, you stick close to Potter, all right? I'm keeping an eye on things, but all the same . . . you can never have too many eyes out.  Sirius sent their owl back the very next morning. It fluttered down beside Harry at the same moment that a tawny owl landed in front of Hermione, clutching a copy of the Daily Prophet in its beak. She took the newspaper, scanned the first few pages, said, Ha!  She hasn't got wind of Crouch! then joined Ron and Harry in reading what Sirius had to say on the mysterious events of the night before last.  Harry - what do you think you are playing at, walking off into the forest with Viktor Krum? I want you to swear, by return owl, that you are not going to go walking with anyone else at night. There is somebody highly dangerous at Hogwarts. It is clear to me that they wanted to stop Crouch from seeing Dumbledore and you were probably feet away from them in the dark. You could have been killed.  Your name didn't get into the Goblet of Fire by accident. If someone's trying to attack you, they're on their last chance. Stay close to Ron and Hermione, do not leave Gryffindor Tower after hours, and arm yourself for the third task. Practice Stunning and Disarming. A few hexes wouldn't go amiss either. There's nothing you can do about Crouch. Keep your head down and look after yourself. I'm waiting for your letter giving me your word you won't stray out-of-bounds again.  Sirius Who's he, to lecture me about being out-of-bounds? said Harry in mild indignation as he folded up Sirius's letter and put it inside his robes. After all the stuff he did at school!  He's worried about you! said Hermione sharply. Just like Moody and Hagrid! So listen to them!  No one's tried to attack me all year, said Harry. No one's done anything to me at all-  Except put your name in the Goblet of Fire, said Hermione. And they must've done that for a reason. Harry. Snuffles is right. Maybe they've been biding their time. Maybe this is the task they're going to get you.  Look, said Harry impatiently, let's say Sirius is right, and someone Stunned Krum to kidnap Crouch. Well, they would've been in the trees near us, wouldn't they? But they waited till I was out of the way until they acted, didn't they? So it doesn't look like I'm their target, does it?  They couldn't have made it look like an accident if they'd murdered you in the forest!  said Hermione. But if you die during a task-  They didn't care about attacking Krum, did they? said Harry. Why didn't they just polish me off at the same time? They could've made it look like Krum and I had a duel or something.  Harry, I don't understand it either, said Hermione desperately. I just know there are a lot of odd things going on, and I don't like it. ... Moody's right - Sirius is right -you've got to get in training for the third task, straight away. And you make sure you write back to Sirius and promise him you're not going to go sneaking off alone again.  The Hogwarts grounds never looked more inviting than when Harry had to stay indoors. For the next few days he spent all of his free time either in the library with Hermione and Ron, looking up hexes, or else in empty classrooms, which they sneaked into to practice.  Harry was concentrating on the Stunning Spell, which he had never used before. The trouble was that practicing it involved certain sacrifices on Ron's and Hermione's part.  Can't we kidnap Mrs. Norris? Ron suggested on Monday lunchtime as he lay flat on his back in the middle of their Charms classroom, having just been Stunned and reawoken by Harry for the fifth time in a row. Let's Stun her for a bit. Or you could use Dobby, Harry, I bet he'd do anything to help you. I'm not complaining or anything - he got gingerly to his feet, rubbing his backside - but I'm aching all over. ...  Well, you keep missing the cushions, don't you! said Hermione impatiently, rearranging  the pile of cushions they had used for the Banishing Spell, which Flitwick had left in a cabinet. Just try and fall backward!  Once you're Stunned, you can't aim too well, Hermione! said Ron angrily. Why don't you take a turn?  Well, I think Harry's got it now, anyway, said Hermione hastily. And we don't have to worry about Disarming, because he's been able to do that for ages. ... I think we ought to start on some of these hexes this evening.  She looked down the list they had made in the library.  I like the look of this one, she said, this Impediment Curse. Should slow down anything that's trying to attack you. Harry. We'll start with that one.  The bell rang. They hastily shoved the cushions back into Flitwicks cupboard and slipped out of the classroom.  See you at dinner! said Hermione, and she set off for Arithmancy, while Harry and Ron headed toward North Tower, and Divination. Broad strips of dazzling gold sunlight tell across the corridor from the high windows. The sky outside was so brightly blue it looked as though it had been enameled.  It's going to be boiling in Trelawney's room, she never puts out that fire, said Ron as they started up the staircase toward the silver ladder and the trapdoor.  He was quite right. The dimly lit room was swelteringly hot. The fumes from the perfumed fire were heavier than ever. Harrys head swam as he made his way over to one of the curtained windows. While Professor Trelawney was looking the other way, disentangling her shawl from a lamp, he opened it an inch or so and settled back in his chintz armchair, so that a soft breeze played across his face. It was extremely comfortable.  My dears, said Professor Trelawney, sitting down in her winged armchair in front of the class and peering around at them all with her strangely enlarged eyes, we have almost finished our work on planetary divination. Today, however, will be an excellent opportunity to examine the effects of Mars, for he is placed most interestingly at the present time. If you will all look this way, I will dim the lights. . . .  She waved her wand and the lamps went out. The fire was the only source of light now.  Professor Trelawney bent down and lifted, from under her chair, a miniature model of the solar system, contained within a glass dome. It was a beautiful thing	 each of the moons glimmered in place around the nine planets and the fiery sun, all of them hanging in thin air beneath the glass. Harry watched lazily as Professor Trelawney began to point out the fascinating angle Mars was making to Neptune. The heavily perfumed fumes washed over him, and the breeze from the window played across his face. He could hear an insect humming gently somewhere behind the curtain. His eyelids began to droop. . . .  He was riding on the back of an eagle owl, soaring through the clear blue sky toward an old, ivy-covered house set high on a hillside. Lower and lower they flew, the wind blowing pleasantly in Harry's face, until they reached a dark and broken window in the upper story of the house and entered. Now they were flying along a gloomy passageway, to a room at the very end . . . through the door they went, into a dark room whose windows were boarded up....  Harry had left the owl's back... he was watching, now, as it fluttered across the room, into a chair with its back to him. . . . There were two dark shapes on the floor beside the chair . . . both of them were stirring. . . .  One was a huge snake . . . the other was a man ... a short, balding man, a man with watery eyes and a pointed nose ... he was wheezing and sobbing on the hearth rug. . . .  You are in luck, Wormtail, said a cold, high-pitched voice from the depths of the chair in which the owl had landed. You are very fortunate indeed. Your blunder has not ruined everything. He is dead.  My Lord! gasped the man on the floor. My Lord, I am ... I am so pleased . . . and so sorry. ...  Nagini, said the cold voice, you are out of luck. I will not be feeding Wormtail to you, after all... but never mind, never mind . . . there is still Harry Potter. ...  The snake hissed. Harry could see its tongue fluttering.  Now, Wormtail, said the cold voice, perhaps one more little reminder why I will not tolerate another blunder from you. ...  My Lord ... no ... I beg you . . .  The tip of a wand emerged from around the back of the chair. It was pointing at Wormtail.  Crucio! said the cold voice.  Wormtail screamed, screamed as though every nerve in his body were on fire, the screaming filled Harry's ears as the scar on his forehead seared with pain	 he was yelling too...Voldemort would hear him, would know he was there. . . .  Harry! Harry!  Harry opened his eyes. He was lying on the floor of Professor Trelawney's room with his hands over his face. His scar was still burning so badly that his eyes were watering.  The pain had been real. The whole class was standing around him, and Ron was kneeling next to him, looking terrified.  You all right? he said.  Of course he isn't! said Professor Trelawney, looking thoroughly excited. Her great eyes loomed over Harry, gazing at him. What was it. Potter? A premonition? An apparition? What did you see?  Nothing, Harry lied. He sat up. He could feel himself shaking. He couldn't stop himself from looking around, into the shadows behind him	 Voldemorts voice had sounded so close. . . .  You were clutching your scar! said Professor Trelawney. You were rolling on the floor, clutching your scar! Come now. Potter, I have experience in these matters!  Harry looked up at her.  I need to go to the hospital wing, I think, he said. Bad headache.  My dear, you were undoubtedly stimulated by the extraordinary clairvoyant vibrations of my room! said Professor Trelawney. If you leave now, you may lose the opportunity to see further than you have ever -  I don't want to see anything except a headache cure, said Harry.  He stood up. The class backed away. They all looked unnerved.  See you later, Harry muttered to Ron, and he picked up his bag and headed for the trapdoor, ignoring Professor Trelawney, who was wearing an expression of great frustration, as though she had just been denied a real treat.  When Harry reached the bottom of her stepladder, however, he did not set off for the hospital wing. He had no intention whatsoever of going there. Sirius had told him what to do if his scar hurt him again, and Harry was going to follow his advice: He was going straight to Dumbledore's office. He marched down the corridors, thinking about what he had seen in the dream . . . it had been as vivid as the one that had awoken him on Privet Drive. . . . He ran over the details in his mind, trying to make sure he could remember them. . . . He had heard Voldemort accusing Wormtail of making a blunder . . . but the owl had brought good news, the blunder had been repaired, somebody was dead ... so Wormtail was not going to be fed to the snake . . . he, Harry, was going to be fed to it instead. . . .  Harry had walked right past the stone gargoyle guarding the entrance to Dumbledores office without noticing. He blinked, looked around, realized what he had done, and retraced his steps, stopping in front of it. Then he remembered that he didn't know the password.  Sherbet lemon? he tried tentatively.  The gargoyle did not move.  Okay, said Harry, staring at it, Pear Drop. Er - Licorice Wand. Fizzing Whizbee.  Drooble's Best Blowing Gum. Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans ... oh no, he doesn't like them, does he?... oh just open, can't you? he said angrily. I really need to see him, its urgent!  The gargoyle remained immovable.  Harry kicked it, achieving nothing but an excruciating pain in his big toe.  Chocolate Frog! he yelled angrily, standing on one leg. Sugar Quill! Cockroach Cluster!  The gargoyle sprang to life and jumped aside. Harry blinked.  Cockroach Cluster? he said, amazed. I was only joking. ...  He hurried through the gap in the walls and stepped onto the foot of a spiral stone staircase, which moved slowly upward as the doors closed behind him, taking him up to a polished oak door with a brass door knocker.  He could hear voices from inside the office. He stepped off the moving staircase and hesitated, listening.  Dumbledore, I'm afraid I don't see the connection, don't see it at all! It was the voice of the Minister of Magic, Cornelius Fudge. Ludo says Berthas perfectly capable of  getting herself lost. I agree we would have expected to have found her by now, but all the same, we've no evidence of foul play, Dumbledore, none at all. As for her disappearance being linked with Barty Crouch's!  And what do you thinks happened to Barty Crouch, Minister? said Moody's growling voice.  I see two possibilities, Alastor, said Fudge. Either Crouch has finally cracked -more than likely, I'm sure you'll agree, given his personal history - lost his mind, and gone wandering off somewhere -  He wandered extremely quickly, if that is the case, Cornelius, said Dumbledore calmly.  Or else - well... Fudge sounded embarrassed. Well, I'll reserve judgment until after I've seen the place where he was found, but you say it was just past the Beauxbatons carriage? Dumbledore, you know what that woman is?  I consider her to be a very able headmistress - and an excellent dancer, said Dumbledore quietly.  Dumbledore, come! said Fudge angrily. Don't you think you might be prejudiced in her favor because of Hagrid? They don't all turn out harmless - if, indeed, you can call Hagrid harmless, with that monster fixation he's got -  I no more suspect Madame Maxime than Hagrid, said Dumbledore, just as calmly. I think it possible that it is you who are prejudiced, Cornelius.  Can we wrap up this discussion? growled Moody.  Yes, yes, let's go down to the grounds, then, said Fudge impatiently.  No, it's not that, said Moody, it's just that Potter wants a word with you, Dumbledore. He's just outside the door.,87,Goblet of Fire,29					
Goblet of Fire=  The door of the office opened.  Hello, Potter, said Moody. Come in, then.  Harry walked inside. He had been inside Dumbledore's office once before	 it was a very beautiful, circular room, lined with pictures of previous headmasters and headmistresses of Hogwarts, all of whom were fast asleep, their chests rising and falling gently.  Cornelius Fudge was standing beside Dumbledore's desk, wearing his usual pinstriped cloak and holding his lime-green bowler hat.  Harry! said Fudge jovially, moving forward. How are you?  Fine, Harry lied.  We were just talking about the night when Mr. Crouch turned up on the grounds, said Fudge. It was you who found him, was it not?  Yes, said Harry. Then, feeling it was pointless to pretend that he hadn't overheard what they had been saying, he added, I didn't see Madame Maxime anywhere, though, and she'd have a job hiding, wouldn't she?  Dumbledore smiled at Harry behind Fudge's back, his eyes twinkling.  Yes, well, said Fudge, looking embarrassed, we're about to go for a short walk on the grounds, Harry, if you'll excuse us ... perhaps if you just go back to your class -  I wanted to talk to you. Professor, Harry said quickly, looking at Dumbledore, who gave him a swift, searching look.  Wait here for me, Harry, he said. Our examination of the grounds will not take long.  They trooped out in silence past him and closed the door. After a minute or so, Harry heard the clunks of Moody's wooden leg growing fainter in the corridor below. He looked around.  Hello, Fawkes, he said.  Fawkes, Professor Dumbledore's phoenix, was standing on his golden perch beside the door.  The size of a swan, with magnificent scarlet-and-gold plumage, he swished his long tail and blinked benignly at Harry.  Harry sat down in a chair in front of Dumbledore's desk. For several minutes, he sat and watched the old headmasters and headmistresses snoozing in their frames, thinking about what he had just heard, and running his fingers over his scar. It had stopped hurting now.  He felt much calmer, somehow, now that he was in Dumbledore's office, knowing he would shortly be telling him about the dream. Harry looked up at the walls behind the desk.  The patched and ragged Sorting Hat was standing on a shelf. A glass case next to it held a magnificent silver sword with large rubies set into the hilt, which Harry recognized as  the one he himself had pulled out of the Sorting Hat in his second year. The sword had once belonged to Godric Gryffindor, founder of Harry's House. He was gazing at it, remembering how it had come to his aid when he had thought all hope was lost, when he noticed a patch of silvery light, dancing and shimmering on the glass case. He looked around for the source of the light and saw a sliver of silver-white shining brightly from within a black cabinet behind him, whose door had not been closed properly. Harry hesitated, glanced at Fawkes, then got up, walked across the office, and pulled open the cabinet door.  A shallow stone basin lay there, with odd carvings around the edge: runes and symbols that Harry did not recognize. The silvery light was coming from the basin's contents, which were like nothing Harry had ever seen before. He could not tell whether the substance was liquid or gas. It was a bright, whitish silver, and it was moving ceaselessly	 the surface of it became ruffled like water beneath wind, and then, like clouds, separated and swirled smoothly. It looked like light made liquid - or like wind made solid - Harry couldn't make up his mind.  He wanted to touch it, to find out what it felt like, but nearly four years' experience of the magical world told him that sticking his hand into a bowl full of some unknown substance was a very stupid thing to do. He therefore pulled his wand out of the inside of his robes, cast a nervous look around the office, looked back at the contents of the basin, and prodded them.  The surface of the silvery stuff inside the basin began to swirl very fast.  Harry bent closer, his head right inside the cabinet. The silvery substance had become transparent	 it looked like glass. He looked down into it expecting to see the stone bottom of the basin - and saw instead an enormous room below the surface of the mysterious substance, a room into which he seemed to be looking through a circular window in the ceiling.  The room was dimly lit	 he thought it might even be underground, for there were no windows, merely torches in brackets such as the ones that illuminated the walls of Hogwarts. Lowering his face so that his nose was a mere inch away from the glassy substance, Harry saw that rows and rows of witches and wizards were seated around every wall on what seemed to be benches rising in levels. An empty chair stood in the very center of the room. There was something about the chair that gave Harry an ominous feeling. Chains encircled the arms of it, as though its occupants were usually tied to it.  Where was this place? It surely wasn't Hogwarts	 he had never seen a room like that here in the castle. Moreover, the crowd in the mysterious room at the bottom of the basin was comprised of adults, and Harry knew there were not nearly that many teachers at Hogwarts.  They seemed, he thought, to be waiting for something	 even though he could only see the tops of their hats, all of their faces seemed to be pointing in one direction, and none of them were talking to one another.  The basin being circular, and the room he was observing square, Harry could not make out what was going on in the corners of it. He leaned even closer, tilting his head, trying to see...  The tip of his nose touched the strange substance into which he was staring.  Dumbledore's office gave an almighty lurch - Harry was thrown forward and pitched headfirst into the substance inside the basin -But his head did not hit the stone bottom. He was falling through something icy-cold and black	 it was like being sucked into a dark whirlpool -And suddenly, Harry found himself sitting on a bench at the end of the room inside the basin, a bench raised high above the others. He looked up at the high stone ceiling, expecting to see the circular window through which he had just been staring, but there was nothing there but dark, solid stone.  Breathing hard and fast. Harry looked around him. Not one of the witches and wizards in the room (and there were at least two hundred of them) was looking at him. Not one of them seemed to have noticed that a fourteen-year-old boy had just dropped from the ceiling into their midst. Harry turned to the wizard next to him on the bench and uttered a loud cry of surprise that reverberated around the silent room.  He was sitting right next to Albus Dumbledore.  Professor! Harry said in a kind of strangled whisper. I'm sorry - I didn't mean to -I was just looking at that basin in your cabinet - I - where are we?  But Dumbledore didn't move or speak. He ignored Harry completely. Like every other  wizard on the benches, he was staring into the far corner of the room, where there was a door.  Harry gazed, nonplussed, at Dumbledore, then around at the silently watchful crowd, then back at Dumbledore. And then it dawned on him. . . .  Once before. Harry had found himself somewhere that nobody could see or hear him. That time, he had fallen through a page in an enchanted diary, right into somebody else's memory . . . and unless he was very much mistaken, something of the sort had happened again...  Harry raised his right hand, hesitated, and then waved it energetically in from of Dumbledore's face. Dumbledore did not blink, look around at Harry, or indeed move at all. And that, in Harry's opinion, settled the matter. Dumbledore wouldn't ignore him like that. He was inside a memory, and this was not the present-day Dumbledore. Yet it couldn't be that long ago . . . the Dumbledore sitting next to him now was silver-haired, just like the present-day Dumbledore. But what was this place? What were all these wizards waiting for?  Harry looked around more carefully. The room, as he had suspected when observing it from above, was almost certainly underground - more of a dungeon than a room, he thought.  There was a bleak and forbidding air about the place	 there were no pictures on the walls, no decorations at all	 just these serried rows of benches, rising in levels all around the room, all positioned so that they had a clear view of that chair with the chains on its arms.  Before Harry could reach any conclusions about the place in which they were, he heard footsteps. The door in the corner of the dungeon opened and three people entered - or at least one man, flanked by two dementors.  Harry's insides went cold. The dementors - tall, hooded creatures whose faces were concealed - were gliding slowly toward the chair in the center of the room, each grasping one of the man's arms with their dead and rotten-looking hands. The man between them looked as though he was about to faint, and Harry couldn't blame him ... he knew the dementors could not touch him inside a memory, but he remembered their power only too well. The watching crowd recoiled slightly as the dementors placed the man in the chained chair and glided back out of the room. The door swung shut behind them.  Harry looked down at the man now sitting in the chair and saw that it was Karkaroff.  Unlike Dumbledore, Karkaroff looked much younger	 his hair and goatee were black. He was not dressed in sleek furs, but in thin and ragged robes. He was shaking. Even as Harry watched, the chains on the arms of the chair glowed suddenly gold and snaked their way up Karkaroff's arms, binding him there.  Igor Karkaroff, said a curt voice to Harry's left. Harry looked around and saw Mr.  Crouch standing up in the middle of the bench beside him. Crouch's hair was dark, his face was much less lined, he looked fit and alert. You have been brought from Azkaban to present evidence to the Ministry of Magic. You have given us to understand that you have important information for us.  Karkaroff straightened himself as best he could, tightly bound to the chair.  I have, sir, he said, and although his voice was very scared, Harry could still hear the familiar unctuous note in it. I wish to be of use to the Ministry. I wish to help.  I - I know that the Ministry is trying to - to round up the last of the Dark Lords supporters. I am eager to assist in any way I can. ...  There was a murmur around the benches. Some of the wizards and witches were surveying Karkaroff with interest, others with pronounced mistrust. Then Harry heard, quite distinctly, from Dumbledores other side, a familiar, growling voice saying, Filth.  Harry leaned forward so that he could see past Dumbledore. Mad-Eye Moody was sitting there - except that there was a very noticeable difference in his appearance. He did not have his magical eye, but two normal ones. Both were looking down upon Karkaroff, and both were narrowed in intense dislike.  Crouch is going to let him out, Moody breathed quietly to Dumbledore. He's done a deal with him. Took me six months to track him down, and Crouch is going to let him go if he's got enough new names. Let's hear his information, I say, and throw him straight back to the dementors.  Dumbledore made a small noise of dissent through his long, crooked nose.  Ah, I was forgetting . . . you don't like the dementors, do you, Albus? said Moody with a sardonic smile.  No, said Dumbledore calmly, I'm afraid I don't. I have long felt the Ministry is  wrong to ally itself with such creatures.  But for filth like this . . . Moody said softly.  You say you have names for us, Karkaroff, said Mr. Crouch. Let us hear them, please.  You must understand, said Karkaroff hurriedly, that He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named operated always in the greatest secrecy. . . . He preferred that we - I mean to say, his supporters - and I regret now, very deeply, that I ever counted myself among them -  Get on with it, sneered Moody.  - we never knew the names of every one of our fellows - He alone knew exactly who we all were -  Which was a wise move, wasn't it, as it prevented someone like you, Karkaroff, from turning all of them in, muttered Moody.  Yet you say you have some names for us? said Mr. Crouch.  I - I do, said Karkaroff breathlessly. And these were important supporters, mark you.  People I saw with my own eyes doing his bidding. I give this information as a sign that I fully and totally renounce him, and am filled with a remorse so deep I can barely -  These names are? said Mr. Crouch sharply.  Karkaroff drew a deep breath.  There was Antonin Dolohov, he said. I - I saw him torture countless Muggles and - and non-supporters of the Dark Lord.  And helped him do it, murmured Moody.  We have already apprehended Dolohov, said Crouch. He was caught shortly after yourself.  Indeed? said Karkaroff, his eyes widening. I - I am delighted to hear it!  But he didn't look it. Harry could tell that this news had come as a real blow to him.  One of his names was worthless.  Any others? said Crouch coldly.  Why, yes ... there was Rosier, said Karkaroff hurriedly. Evan Rosier.  Rosier is dead, said Crouch. He was caught shortly after you were too. He preferred to fight rather than come quietly and was killed in the struggle.  Took a bit of me with him, though, whispered Moody to Harry's right. Harry looked around at him once more, and saw him indicating the large chunk out of his nose to Dumbledore.  No - no more than Rosier deserved! said Karkaroff, a real note of panic in his voice now. Harry could see that he was starting to worry that none of his information would be of any use to the Ministry. Karkaroff's eyes darted toward the door in the corner, behind which the dementors undoubtedly still stood, waiting.  Any more? said Crouch.  Yes! said Karkaroff. There was Travers - he helped murder the McKinnons! Mulciber -he specialized in the Imperius Curse, forced countless people to do horrific things!  Rookwood, who was a spy, and passed He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named useful information from inside the Ministry itself!  Harry could tell that, this time, Karkaroff had struck gold. The watching crowd was all murmuring together.  Rookwood? said Mr. Crouch, nodding to a witch sitting in front of him, who began scribbling upon her piece of parchment. Augustus Rookwood of the Department of Mysteries?  The very same, said Karkaroff eagerly. I believe he used a network of well-placed wizards, both inside the Ministry and out, to collect information -  But Travers and Mulciber we have, said Mr. Crouch. Very well, Karkaroff, if that is all, you will be returned to Azkaban while we decide -  Not yet! cried Karkaroff, looking quite desperate. Wait, I have more!  Harry could see him sweating in the torchlight, his white skin contrasting strongly with the black of his hair and beard.  Snape! he shouted. Severus Snape!  Snape has been cleared by this council, said Crouch disdainfully. He has been vouched for by Albus Dumbledore.  No! shouted Karkaroff, straining at the chains that bound him to the chair. I assure you! Severus Snape is a Death Eater!  Dumbledore had gotten to his feet.  I have given evidence already on this matter, he said calmly. Severus Snape was indeed a Death Eater. However, he rejoined our side before Lord Voldemort's downfall and  turned spy for us, at great personal risk. He is now no more a Death Eater than I am.  Harry turned to look at Mad-Eye Moody. He was wearing a look of deep skepticism behind Dumbledore's back.  Very well, Karkaroff, Crouch said coldly, you have been of assistance. I shall review your case. You will return to Azkaban in the meantime. ...  Mr. Crouch's voice faded. Harry looked around	 the dungeon was dissolving as though it were made of smoke	 everything was fading	 he could see only his own body - all else was swirling darkness. . . .  And then, the dungeon returned. Harry was sitting in a different seat, still on the highest bench, but now to the left side of Mr. Crouch. The atmosphere seemed quite different: relaxed, even cheerful. The witches and wizards all around the walls were talking to one another, almost as though they were at some sort of sporting event. Harry noticed a witch halfway up the rows of benches opposite. She had short blonde hair, was wearing magenta robes, and was sucking the end of an acid-green quill. It was, unmistakably, a younger Rita Skeeter. Harry looked around
Goblet of Fire=  Dumbledore reckons You-Know-Who's getting stronger again as well? Ron whispered.  Everything Harry had seen in the Pensieve, nearly everything Dumbledore had told and shown him afterward, he had now shared with Ron and Hermione - and, of course, with Sirius, to whom Harry had sent an owl the moment he had left Dumbledore's office. Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat up late in the common room once again that night, talking it all over until Harry's mind was reeling, until he understood what Dumbledore had meant about a head becoming so full of thoughts that it would have been a relief to siphon them off.  Ron stared into the common room fire. Harry thought he saw Ron shiver slightly, even though the evening was warm.  And he trusts Snape? Ron said. He really trusts Snape, even though he knows he was a Death Eater?  Yes, said Harry.  Hermione had not spoken for ten minutes. She was sitting with her forehead in her hands, staring at her knees. Harry thought she too looked as though she could have done with a Pensieve.  Rita Skeeter, she muttered finally.  How can you be worrying about her now? said Ron, in utter disbelief.  I'm not worrying about her, Hermione said to her knees. I'm just thinking. . .  remember what she said to me in the Three Broomsticks? 'I know things about Ludo Bagman that would make your hair curl. ' This is what she meant, isn't it? She reported his trial, she knew he'd passed information to the Death Eaters. And Winky too, remember . .  .'Ludo Bagman's a bad wizard.' Mr. Crouch would have been furious he got off, he would have talked about it at home.  Yeah, but Bagman didn't pass information on purpose, did he?  Hermione shrugged.  And Fudge reckons Madame Maxime attacked Crouch? Ron said, turning back to Harry.  Yeah, said Harry, but he's only saying that because Crouch disappeared near the Beauxbatons carriage.  We never thought of her, did we? said Ron slowly. Mind you, she's definitely got giant blood, and she doesn't want to admit it-  Of course she doesn't, said Hermione sharply, looking up. Look what happened to Hagrid when Rita found out about his mother. Look at Fudge, jumping to conclusions about her, just because she's part giant. Who needs that sort of prejudice? I'd probably say I had big bones if I knew that's what I'd get for telling the truth.  Hermione looked at her watch. We haven't done any practicing! she said, looking shocked. We were going to do the Impediment Curse! We'll have to really get down to it tomorrow! Come on. Harry, you need to get some sleep.  Harry and Ron went slowly upstairs to their dormitory. As Harry pulled on his pajamas, he looked over at Nevilles bed. True to his word to Dumbledore, he had not told Ron and Hermione about Neville s parents. As Harry took off his glasses and climbed into his four-poster, he imagined how it must feel to have parents still living but unable to recognize you. He often got sympathy from strangers for being an orphan, but as he listened to Nevilles snores, he thought that Neville deserved it more than he did. Lying in the darkness, Harry felt a rush of anger and hate toward the people who had tortured Mr. and Mrs. Longbottom. ... He remembered the jeers of the crowd as Crouch's son and his companions had been dragged from the court by the dementors. ... He understood how they had felt. . . . Then he remembered the milk-white face of the screaming boy and realized with a jolt that he had died a year later. . . .  It was Voldemort, Harry thought, staring up at the canopy of his bed in the darkness, it all came back to Voldemort. ... He was the one who had torn these families apart, who had ruined all these lives. . . .  Ron and Hermione were supposed to be studying for their exams, which would finish on the day of the third task, but they were putting most of their efforts into helping Harry prepare.  Don't worry about it, Hermione said shortly when Harry pointed this out to them and  said he didn't mind practicing on his own for a while, at least we'll get top marks in Defense Against the Dark Arts. We'd never have found out about all these hexes in class.  Good training for when we're all Aurors, said Ron excitedly, attempting the Impediment Curse on a wasp that had buzzed into the room and making it stop dead in midair.  The mood in the castle as they entered June became excited and tense again. Everyone was looking forward to the third task, which would take place a week before the end of term.  Harry was practicing hexes at every available moment. He felt more confident about this task than either of the others. Difficult and dangerous though it would undoubtedly be, Moody was right: Harry had managed to find his way past monstrous creatures and enchanted barriers before now, and this time he had some notice, some chance to prepare himself for what lay ahead.  Tired of walking in on Harry, Hermione, and Ron all over the school. Professor McGonagall had given them permission to use the empty Transfiguration classroom at lunchtimes. Harry had soon mastered the Impediment Curse, a spell to slow down and obstruct attackers	 the Reductor Curse, which would enable him to blast solid objects out of his way	 and the Four-Point Spell, a useful discovery of Hermiones that would make his wand point due north, therefore enabling him to check whether he was going in the right direction within the maze. He was still having trouble with the Shield Charm, though.  This was supposed to cast a temporary, invisible wall around himself that deflected minor curses	 Hermione managed to shatter it with a well-placed Jelly-Legs Jinx, and Harry wobbled around the room for ten minutes afterward before she had looked up the counter-jinx.  You're still doing really well, though, Hermione said encouragingly, looking down her list and crossing off those spells they had already learned. Some of these are bound to come in handy.  Come and look at this, said Ron, who was standing by the window. He was staring down onto the grounds. What's Malfoy doing?  Harry and Hermione went to see. Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle were standing in the shadow of a tree below. Crabbe and Goyle seemed to be keeping a lookout	 both were smirking.  Malfoy was holding his hand up to his mouth and speaking into it.  He looks like he's using a walkie-talkie, said Harry curiously.  He can't be, said Hermione, I've told you, those sorts of things don't work around Hogwarts. Come on, Harry, she added briskly, turning away from the window and moving back into the middle of the room, let's try that Shield Charm again.  Sirius was sending daily owls now. Like Hermione, he seemed to want to concentrate on getting Harry through the last task before they concerned themselves with anything else.  He reminded Harry in every letter that whatever might be going on outside the walls of Hogwarts was not Harry's responsibility, nor was it within his power to influence it.  If Voldemort is really getting stronger again, he wrote, my priority is to ensure your safety. He cannot hope to lay hands on you while you are under Dumbledore's protection, but all the same, take no risks: Concentrate on getting through that maze safely, and then we can turn our attention to other matters.  Harry's nerves mounted as June the twenty-fourth drew closer, but they were not as bad as those he had felt before the first and second tasks. For one thing, he was confident that, this time, he had done everything in his power to prepare for the task. For another, this was the final hurdle, and however well or badly he did, the tournament would at last be over, which would be an enormous relief.  Breakfast was a very noisy affair at the Gryffindor table on the morning of the third task. The post owls appeared, bringing Harry a good-luck card from Sirius. It was only a piece of parchment, folded over and bearing a muddy paw print on its front, but Harry appreciated it all the same. A screech owl arrived for Hermione, carrying her morning copy of the Daily Prophet as usual. She unfolded the paper, glanced at the front page, and spat out a mouthful of pumpkin juice all over it.  What? said Harry and Ron together, staring at her. Nothing, said Hermione quickly, trying to shove the paper out of sight, but Ron grabbed it. He stared at the headline and said, No way. Not today. That old cow.  What? said Harry. Rita Skeeter again?  No, said Ron, and just like Hermione, he attempted to push the paper out of sight.  It's about me, isn't it? said Harry.  No, said Ron, in an entirely unconvincing tone. But before Harry could demand to see the paper. Draco Malfoy shouted across the Great Hall from the Slytherin table.  Hey, Potter! Potter! How's your head? You feeling all right? Sure you're not going to go berserk on us?  Malfoy was holding a copy of the Daily Prophet too. Slytherins up and down the table were sniggering, twisting in their seats to see Harry's reaction.  Let me see it, Harry said to Ron. Give it here.  Very reluctantly, Ron handed over the newspaper. Harry turned it over and found himself staring at his own picture, beneath the banner headline:  HARRY POTTER DISTURBED AND DANGEROUS  The boy who defeated He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named is unstable and possibly dangerous, writes Rita Skeeter, Special Correspondent. Alarming evidence has recently come to light about Harry Potter's strange behavior, which casts doubts upon his suitability to compete in a demanding competition like the Triwizard Tournament, or even to attend Hogwarts School.  Potter, the Daily Prophet can exclusively reveal, regularly collapses at school, and is often heard to complain of pain in the scar on his forehead (relic of the curse with which You-Know-Who attempted to kill him). On Monday last, midway through a Divination lesson, your Daily Prophet reporter witnessed Potter storming from the class, claiming that his scar was hurting too badly to continue studying.  It is possible, say top experts at St. Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries, that Potters brain was affected by the attack inflicted upon him by You-Know-Who, and that his insistence that the scar is still hurting is an expression of his deep-seated confusion.  He might even be pretending, said one specialist. This could be a plea for attention.  The Daily Prophet, however, has unearthed worrying facts about Harry Potter that Albus Dumbledore, Headmaster of Hogwarts, has carefully concealed from the wizarding public.  Potter can speak Parseltongue, reveals Draco Malfoy, a Hogwarts fourth year. There were a lot of attacks on students a couple of years ago, and most people thought Potter was behind them after they saw him lose his temper at a dueling club and set a snake on another boy. It was all hushed up, though. But he's made friends with werewolves and giants too. We think he'd do anything for a bit of power.  Parseltongue, the ability to converse with snakes, has long been considered a Dark Art.  Indeed, the most famous Parselmouth of our times is none other than You-Know-Who himself.  A member of the Dark Force Defense League, who wished to remain unnamed, stated that he would regard any wizard who could speak Parseltongue as worthy of investigation.  Personally, I would be highly suspicious of anybody who could converse with snakes, as serpents are often used in the worst kinds of Dark Magic, and are historically associated with evildoers. Similarly, anyone who seeks out the company of such vicious creatures as werewolves and giants would appear to have a fondness for violence.  Albus Dumbledore should surely consider whether a boy such as this should be allowed to compete in the Triwizard Tournament. Some fear that Potter might resort to the Dark Arts in his desperation to win the tournament, the third task of which takes place this evening.  Gone off me a bit, hasn't she? said Harry lightly, folding up the paper.  Over at the Slytherin table, Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle were laughing at him, tapping their heads with their fingers, pulling grotesquely mad faces, and waggling their tongues like snakes.  How did she know your scar hurt in Divination? Ron said. There's no way she was there, there's no way she could've heard -  The window was open, said Harry. I opened it to breathe.  You were at the top of North Tower! Hermione said. Your voice couldn't have carried all the way down to the grounds!  Well, you're the one who's supposed to be researching magical methods of bugging! said Harry. You tell me how she did it!  I've been trying! said Hermione. But I... but. . .  An odd, dreamy expression suddenly came over Hermione's face. She slowly raised a hand  and ran her fingers through her hair.  Are you all right? said Ron, frowning at her.  Yes, said Hermione breathlessly. She ran her fingers through her hair again, and then held her hand up to her mouth, as though speaking into an invisible walkie-talkie. Harry and Ron stared at each other.  I've had an idea, Hermione said, gazing into space. I think I know. . . because then no one would be able to see ... even Moody. . . and she'd have been able to get onto the window ledge . . . but she's not allowed . . . she's definitely not allowed ... I think we've got her! Just give me two seconds in the library - just to make sure!  With that, Hermione seized her school bag and dashed out of the Great Hall.  Oi! Ron called after her. We've got our History of Magic exam in ten minutes!  Blimey, he said, turning back to Harry, she must really hate that Skeeter woman to risk missing the start of an exam. What're you going to do in Binns's class - read again?  Exempt from the end-of-term tests as a Triwizard champion, Harry had been sitting in the back of every exam class so far, looking up fresh hexes for the third task.  S'pose so, Harry said to Ron	 but just then. Professor McGonagall came walking alongside the Gryffindor table toward him.  Potter, the champions are congregating in the chamber off the Hall after breakfast, she said.  But the task's not till tonight! said Harry, accidentally spilling scrambled eggs down his front, afraid he had mistaken the time.  I'm aware of that, Potter, she said. The champions' families are invited to watch the final task, you know. This is simply a chance for you to greet them.  She moved away. Harry gaped after her.  She doesn't expect the Dursleys to turn up, does she? he asked Ron blankly.  Dunno, said Ron. Harry, I'd better hurry, I'm going to be late for Binns. See you later.  Harry finished his breakfast in the emptying Great Hall. He saw Fleur Delacour get up from the Ravenclaw table and join Cedric as he crossed to the side chamber and entered.  Krum slouched off to join them shortly afterward. Harry stayed where he was. He really didn't want to go into the chamber. He had no family - no family who would turn up to see him risk his life, anyway. But just as he was getting up, thinking that he might as well go up to the library and do a spot more hex research, the door of the side chamber opened, and Cedric stuck his head out.  Harry, come on, they're waiting for you!  Utterly perplexed. Harry got up. The Dursleys couldn't possibly be here, could they? He walked across the Hall and opened the door into the chamber.  Cedric and his parents were just inside the door. Viktor Krum was over in a corner, conversing with his dark-haired mother and father in rapid Bulgarian. He had inherited his fathers hooked nose. On the other side of the room, Fleur was jabbering away in French to her mother. Fleur's little sister, Gabrielle, was holding her mother's hand.  She waved at Harry, who waved back, grinning. Then he saw Mrs. Weasley and Bill standing in front of the fireplace, beaming at him.  Surprise! Mrs. Weasley said excitedly as he smiled broadly and walked over to them.  Thought we'd come and watch you. Harry! She bent down and kissed him on the cheek.  You all right? said Bill, grinning at Harry and shaking his hand. Charlie wanted to come, but he couldn't get time off. He said you were incredible against the Horntail.  Fleur Delacour, Harry noticed, was eyeing Bill with great interest over her mother's shoulder. Harry could tell she had no objection whatsoever to long hair or earrings with fangs on them.  This is really nice of you, Harry muttered to Mrs. Weasley. I thought for a moment -the Dursleys -  Hmm, said Mrs. Weasley, pursing her lips. She had always refrained from criticizing the Dursleys in front of Harry, but her eyes flashed every time they were mentioned.  It's great being back here, said Bill, looking around the chamber (Violet, the Fat Lady's friend, winked at him from her frame). Haven't seen this place for five years.  Is that picture of the mad knight still around? Sir Cadogan?  Oh yeah, said Harry, who had met Sir Cadogan the previous year.  And the Fat Lady? said Bill.  She was here in my time, said Mrs. Weasley. She gave me such a telling off one night when I got back to the dormitory at four in the morning -  What were you doing out of your dormitory at four in the morning? said Bill, surveying his mother with amazement.  Mrs. Weasley grinned, her eyes twinkling.  Your father and I had been for a nighttime stroll, she said. He got caught by Apollyon Pringle - he was the caretaker in those days - your father's still got the marks.  Fancy giving us a tour, Harry? said Bill.  Yeah, okay, said Harry, and they made their way back toward the door into the Great Hall. As they passed Amos Diggory, he looked around.  There you are, are you? he said, looking Harry up and down.  Bet you're not feeling quite as full of yourself now Cedrics caught you up on points, are you?  What? said Harry.  Ignore him, said Cedric in a low voice to Harry, frowning after his father. He's been angry ever since Rita Skeeters article about the Triwizard Tournament - you know, when she made out you were the only Hogwarts champion.  Didn't bother to correct her, though, did he? said Amos Diggory, loudly enough for Harry to hear as he started to walk out of the door with Mrs. Weasley and Bill. Still, . . you'll show him, Ced. Beaten him once before, haven't you?  Rita Skeeter goes out of her way to cause trouble, Amos! Mrs. Weasley said angrily. I would have thought you'd know that, working at the Ministry!  Mr. Diggory looked as though he was going to say something angry, but his wife laid a hand on his arm, and he merely shrugged and turned away.  Harry had a very enjoyable morning walking over the sunny grounds with Bill and Mrs.  Weasley, showing them the Beauxbatons carriage and the Durmstrang ship. Mrs. Weasley was intrigued by the Whomping Willow, which had been planted after she had left school, and reminisced at length about the gamekeeper before Hagrid, a man called Ogg.  How's Percy? Harry asked as they walked around the greenhouses.  Not good, said Bill.  He's very upset, said Mrs. Weasley, lowering her voice and glancing around. The Ministry wants to keep Mr. Crouch's disappearance quiet, but Percy's been hauled in for questioning about the instructions Mr. Crouch has been sending in. They seem to think there's a chance they weren't genuinely written by him. Percy's been under a lot of strain. They're not letting him fill in for Mr. Crouch as the fifth judge tonight.  Cornelius Fudge is going to be doing it.  They returned to the castle for lunch.  Mum - Bill! said Ron, looking stunned, as he joined the Gryffindor table. What're you doing here?  Come to watch Harry in the last task! said Mrs. Weasley brightly. I must say, it makes a lovely change, not having to cook. How was your exam?  Oh . . . okay, said Ron. Couldn't remember all the goblin rebels' names, so I invented a few. It's all right, he said, helping himself to a Cornish pasty, while Mrs. Weasley looked stern, they're all called stuff like Bodrod the Bearded and Urg the Unclean	 it wasn't hard.  Fred, George, and Ginny came to sit next to them too, and Harry was having such a good time he felt almost as though he were back at the Burrow	 he had forgotten to worry about that evening's task, and not until Hermione turned up, halfway through lunch, did he remember that she had had a brainwave about Rita Skeeter.  Are you going to tell us - ?  Hermione shook her head warningly and glanced at Mrs. Weasley.  Hello, Hermione, said Mrs. Weasley, much more stiffly than usual.  Hello, said Hermione, her smile faltering at the cold expression on Mrs. Weasley's face.  Harry looked between them, then said, Mrs. Weasley, you didn't believe that rubbish Rita Skeeter wrote in Witch Weekly, did you? Because Hermione's not my girlfriend.  Oh! said Mrs. Weasley No - of course I didn't!  But she became considerably warmer toward Hermione after that.  Harry, Bill, and Mrs. Weasley whiled away the afternoon with a long walk around the castle, and then returned to the Great Hall for the evening feast. Ludo Bagman and Cornelius Fudge had joined the staff table now. Bagman looked quite cheerful, but Cornelius Fudge, who was sitting next to Madame Maxime, looked stern and was not talking.  Madame Maxime was concentrating on her plate, and Harry thought her eyes looked red.  Hagrid kept glancing along the table at her, There were more courses than usual, but Harry, who was starting to feel really nervous now, didn't eat much. As the enchanted ceiling overhead began to fade from blue to a dusky purple, Dumbledore rose to his feet at the staff table, and silence fell.  Ladies and gentlemen, in five minutes' time, I will be asking you to make your way down to the Quidditch field for the third and final task of the Triwizard Tournament. Will the champions please follow Mr. Bagman down to the stadium now.  Harry got up. The Gryffindors all along the table were applauding him	 the Weasleys and Hermione all wished him good luck, and he headed off out of the Great Hall with Cedric, Fleur, and Viktor.  Feeling all right. Harry? Bagman asked as they went down the stone steps onto the grounds. Confident?  I'm okay, said Harry. It was sort of true	 he was nervous, but he kept running over all the hexes and spells he had been practicing in his mind as they walked, and the knowledge that he could remember them all made him feel better.  They walked onto the Quidditch field, which was now completely unrecognizable. A twenty-foot-high hedge ran all the way around the edge of it. There was a gap right in front of them: the entrance to the vast maze. The passage beyond it looked dark and creepy.  Five minutes later, the stands had begun to fill	 the air was full of excited voices and the rumbling of feet as the hundreds of students filed into their seats. The sky was a deep, clear blue now, and the first stars were starting to appear. Hagrid, Professor Moody, Professor McGonagall, and Professor Flitwick came walking into the stadium and approached Bagman and the champions. They were wearing large, red, luminous stars on their hats, all except Hagrid, who had his on the back of his moleskin vest.  We are going to be patrolling the outside of the maze, said Professor McGonagall to the champions. If you get into difficulty, and wish to be rescued, send red sparks into the air, and one of us will come and get you, do you understand?  The champions nodded.  Off you go, then! said Bagman brightly to the four patrollers.  Good luck. Harry, Hagrid whispered, and the four of them walked away in different directions, to station themselves around the maze. Bagman now pointed his wand at his throat, muttered, Sonorus, and his magically magnified voice echoed into the stands.  Ladies and gentlemen, the third and final task of the Triwizard Tournament is about to begin! Let me remind you how the points currently stand! Tied in first place, with eighty-five points each - Mr. Cedric Diggory and Mr. Harry Potter, both of Hogwarts School! The cheers and applause sent birds from the Forbidden Forest fluttering into the darkening sky. In second place, with eighty points - Mr. Viktor Krum, of Durmstrang Institute! More applause. And in third place - Miss Fleur Delacour, of Beauxbatons Academy!  Harry could just make out Mrs. Weasley, Bill, Ron, and Hermione applauding Fleur politely, halfway up the stands. He waved up at them, and they waved back, beaming at him.  So ... on my whistle, Harry and Cedric! said Bagman. Three - two - one -  He gave a short blast on his whistle, and Harry and Cedric hurried forward into the maze.  The towering hedges cast black shadows across the path, and, whether because they were so tall and thick or because they had been enchanted, the sound of the surrounding crowd was silenced the moment they entered the maze. Harry felt almost as though he were underwater again. He pulled out his wand, muttered, Lumos, and heard Cedric do the same just behind him.  After about fifty yards, they reached a fork. They looked at each other.  See you, Harry said, and he took the left one, while Cedric took the right.  Harry heard Bagman's whistle for the second time. Krum had entered the maze. Harry sped up. His chosen path seemed completely deserted. He turned right, and hurried on, holding his wand high over his head, trying to see as far ahead as possible. Still, there was nothing in sight.  Bagman's whistle blew in the distance for the third time. All of the champions were now inside.  Harry kept looking behind him. The old feeling that he was being watched was upon him.  The maze was growing darker with every passing minute as the sky overhead deepened to  navy. He reached a second fork.  Point Me, he whispered to his wand, holding it flat in his palm.  The wand spun around once and pointed toward his right, into solid hedge. That way was north, and he knew that he needed to go northwest for the center of the maze. The best he could do was to take the left fork and go right again as soon as possible.  The path ahead was empty too, and when Harry reached a right turn and took it, he again found his way unblocked. Harry didn't know why, but the lack of obstacles was unnerving him. Surely he should have met something by now? It felt as though the maze were luring him into a false sense of security. Then he heard movement right behind him. He held out his wand, ready to attack, but its beam fell only upon Cedric, who had just hurried out of a path on the right-hand side. Cedric looked severely shaken. The sleeve of his robe was smoking.  Hagrid's Blast-Ended Skrewts! he hissed. They're enormous - I only just got away!  He shook his head and dived out of sight, along another path. Keen to put plenty of distance between himself and the skrewts, Harry hurried off again. Then, as he turned a corner, he saw ... a dementor gliding toward him. Twelve feet tall, its face hidden by its hood, its rotting, scabbed hands outstretched, it advanced, sensing its way blindly toward him. Harry could hear its rattling breath	 he felt clammy coldness stealing over him, but knew what he had to do....  He summoned the happiest thought he could, concentrated with all his might on the thought of getting out of the maze and celebrating with Ron and Hermione, raised his wand, and cried, Expecto Patronum!  A silver stag erupted from the end of Harry's wand and galloped toward the dementor, which fell back and tripped over the hem of its robes. . . . Harry had never seen a dementor stumble.  Hang on! he shouted, advancing in the wake of his silver Patronus, You're a boggart!  Riddikulus!  There was a loud crack, and the shape-shifter exploded in a wisp of smoke. The silver stag faded from sight. Harry wished it could have stayed, he could have used some company...but he moved on, quickly and quietly as possible, listening hard, his wand held high once more.  Left ... right... left again . . . Twice he found himself facing dead ends. He did the Four-Point Spell again and found that he was going too far east. He turned back, took a right turn, and saw an odd golden mist floating ahead of him.  Harry approached it cautiously, pointing the wand's beam at it. This looked like some kind of enchantment. He wondered whether he might be able to blast it out of the way.  Reducio! he said.  The spell shot straight through the mist, leaving it intact. He supposed he should have known better	 the Reductor Curse was for solid objects. What would happen if he walked through the mist? Was it worth chancing it, or should he double back?  He was still hesitating when a scream shattered the silence.  Fleur? Harry yelled.  There was silence. He stared all around him. What had happened to her? Her scream seemed to have come from somewhere ahead. He took a deep breath and ran through the enchanted mist.  The world turned upside down. Harry was hanging from the ground, with his hair on end, his glasses dangling off his nose, threatening to fall into the bottomless sky. He clutched them to the end of his nose and hung there, terrified. It felt as though his feet were glued to the grass, which had now become the ceiling. Below him the dark, star-spangled heavens stretched endlessly. He felt as though if he tried to move one of his feet, he would fall away from the earth completely.  Think, he told himself, as all the blood rushed to his head, think. . .  But not one of the spells he had practiced had been designed to combat a sudden reversal of ground and sky. Did he dare move his foot? He could hear the blood pounding in his ears. He had two choices - try and move, or send up red sparks, and get rescued and disqualified from the task.  He shut his eyes, so he wouldn't be able to see the view of endless space below him, and pulled his right foot as hard as he could away from the grassy ceiling.  Immediately, the world righted itself. Harry fell forward onto his knees onto the wonderfully solid ground. He felt temporarily limp with shock. He took a deep, steadying breath, then got up again and hurried forward, looking back over his shoulder as he ran  away from the golden mist, which twinkled innocently at him in the moonlight.  He paused at a junction of two paths and looked around for some sign of Fleur. He was sure it had been she who had screamed. What had she met? Was she all right? There was no sign of red sparks - did that mean she had got herself out of trouble, or was she in such trouble that she couldn't reach her wand? Harry took the right fork with a feeling of increasing unease . . . but at the same time, he couldn't help thinking. One champion down. . .  The cup was somewhere close by, and it sounded as though Fleur was no longer in the running. He'd got this far, hadn't he? What if he actually managed to win? Fleetingly, and for the first time since he'd found himself champion, he saw again that image of himself, raising the Triwizard Cup in front of the rest of the school. . . .  He met nothing for ten minutes, but kept running into dead ends. Twice he took the same wrong turning. Finally, he found a new route and started to jog along it, his wandlight waving, making his shadow flicker and distort on the hedge walls. Then he rounded another corner and found himself facing a Blast-Ended Skrewt.  Cedric was right - it was enormous. Ten feet long, it looked more like a giant scorpion than anything. Its long sting was curled over its back. Its thick armor glinted in the light from Harry's wand, which he pointed at it.  Stupefy!  The spell hit the skrewt's armor and rebounded	 Harry ducked just in time, but could smell burning hair
Goblet of Fire=  Harry felt his feet slam into the ground	 his injured leg gave way, and he fell forward	 his hand let go of the Triwizard Cup at last. He raised his head.  Where are we? he said.  Cedric shook his head. He got up, pulled Harry to his feet, and they looked around.  They had left the Hogwarts grounds completely	 they had obviously traveled miles -perhaps hundreds of miles - for even the mountains surrounding the castle were gone.  They were standing instead in a dark and overgrown graveyard	 the black outline of a small church was visible beyond a large yew tree to their right. A hill rose above them to their left. Harry could just make out the outline of a fine old house on the hillside.  Cedric looked down at the Triwizard Cup and then up at Harry.  Did anyone tell you the cup was a Portkey? he asked.  Nope, said Harry. He was looking around the graveyard. It was completely silent and slightly eerie. Is this supposed to be part of the task?  I dunno, said Cedric. He sounded slightly nervous. Wands out, d'you reckon?  Yeah, said Harry, glad that Cedric had made the suggestion rather than him.  They pulled out their wands. Harry kept looking around him. He had, yet again, the  strange feeling that they were being watched.  Someone's coming, he said suddenly.  Squinting tensely through the darkness, they watched the figure drawing nearer, walking steadily toward them between the graves. Harry couldn't make out a face, but from the way it was walking and holding its arms, he could tell that it was carrying something.  Whoever it was, he was short, and wearing a hooded cloak pulled up over his head to obscure his face. And - several paces nearer, the gap between them closing all the time - Harry saw that the thing in the persons arms looked like a baby ... or was it merely a bundle of robes?  Harry lowered his wand slightly and glanced sideways at Cedric. Cedric shot him a quizzical look. They both turned back to watch the approaching figure.  It stopped beside a towering marble headstone, only six feet from them. For a second.  Harry and Cedric and the short figure simply looked at one another.  And then, without warning, Harry's scar exploded with pain. It was agony such as he had never felt in all his life	 his wand slipped from his fingers as he put his hands over his face	 his knees buckled	 he was on the ground and he could see nothing at all	 his head was about to split open.  From far away, above his head, he heard a high, cold voice say, Kill the spare.  A swishing noise and a second voice, which screeched the words to the night: Avada Kedavra!  A blast of green light blazed through Harry's eyelids, and he heard something heavy fall to the ground beside him	 the pain in his scar reached such a pitch that he retched, and then it diminished	 terrified of what he was about to see, he opened his stinging eyes.  Cedric was lying spread-eagled on the ground beside him. He was dead.  For a second that contained an eternity, Harry stared into Cedric's face, at his open gray eyes, blank and expressionless as the windows of a deserted house, at his half-open mouth, which looked slightly surprised. And then, before Harry's mind had accepted what he was seeing, before he could feel anything but numb disbelief, he felt himself being pulled to his feet.  The short man in the cloak had put down his bundle, lit his wand, and was dragging Harry toward the marble headstone. Harry saw the name upon it flickering in the wandlight before he was forced around and slammed against it.  TOM RIDDLE The cloaked man was now conjuring tight cords around Harry, tying him from neck to ankles to the headstone. Harry could hear shallow, fast breathing from the depths of the hood	 he struggled, and the man hit him - hit him with a hand that had a finger missing. And Harry realized who was under the hood. It was Wormtail.  You! he gasped.  But Wormtail, who had finished conjuring the ropes, did not reply	 he was busy checking the tightness of the cords, his fingers trembling uncontrollably, rumbling over the knots. Once sure that Harry was bound so tightly to the headstone that he couldn't move an inch, Wormtail drew a length of some black material from the inside of his cloak and stuffed it roughly into Harry's mouth	 then, without a word, he turned from Harry and hurried away. Harry couldn't make a sound, nor could he see where Wormtail had gone
Goblet of Fire=  Voldemort looked away from Harry and began examining his own body. His hands were like large, pale spiders	 his long white fingers caressed his own chest, his arms, his face	 the red eyes, whose pupils were slits, like a cats, gleamed still more brightly through the darkness. He held up his hands and flexed the fingers, his expression rapt and exultant. He took not the slightest notice of Wormtail, who lay twitching and bleeding on the ground, nor of the great snake, which had slithered back into sight and was circling Harry again, hissing. Voldemort slipped one of those unnaturally long-fingered hands into a deep pocket and drew out a wand. He caressed it gently too	 and then he raised it, and pointed it at Wormtail, who was lifted off the ground and thrown against the headstone where Harry was tied	 he fell to the foot of it and lay there, crumpled up and crying. Voldemort turned his scarlet eyes upon Harry, laughing a high, cold, mirthless laugh.  Wormtail's robes were shining with blood now	 he had wrapped the stump of his arm in them.  My Lord . . . he choked, my Lord . . . you promised . . . you did promise ...  Hold out your arm, said Voldemort lazily.  Oh Master . . . thank you, Master ...  He extended the bleeding stump, but Voldemort laughed again.  The other arm, Wormtail.  Master, please . . .please ...  Voldemort bent down and pulled out Wormtail's left arm	 he forced the sleeve of Wormtail's robes up past his elbow, and Harry saw something upon the skin there, something like a vivid red tattoo - a skull with a snake protruding from its mouth - the image that had appeared in the sky at the Quidditch World Cup: the Dark Mark. Voldemort examined it carefully, ignoring Wormtail's uncontrollable weeping.  It is back, he said softly, they will all have noticed it... and now, we shall see ...  now we shall know ...  He pressed his long white forefinger to the brand on Wormtail's arm.  The scar on Harry s forehead seared with a sharp pain again, and Wormtail let out a fresh howl	 Voldemort removed his fingers from Wormtail's mark, and Harry saw that it had turned jet black.  A look of cruel satisfaction on his face, Voldemort straightened up, threw back his head, and stared around at the dark graveyard.  How many will be brave enough to return when they feel it? he whispered, his gleaming red eyes fixed upon the stars. And how many will be foolish enough to stay away?  He began to pace up and down before Harry and Wormtail, eyes sweeping the graveyard all the while. After a minute or so, he looked down at Harry again, a cruel smile twisting his snakelike face.  You stand, Harry Potter, upon the remains of my late father, he hissed softly. A  Muggle and a fool. . . very like your dear mother. But they both had their uses, did they not? Your mother died to defend you as a child . . . and I killed my father, and see how useful he has proved himself, in death. ...  Voldemort laughed again. Up and down he paced, looking all around him as he walked, and the snake continued to circle in the grass.  You see that house upon the hillside, Potter? My father lived there. My mother, a witch who lived here in this village, fell in love with him. But he abandoned her when she told him what she was. ... He didn't like magic, my father . . .  He left her and returned to his Muggle parents before I was even born. Potter, and she died giving birth to me, leaving me to be raised in a Muggle orphanage . . . but I vowed to find him ... I revenged myself upon him, that fool who gave me his name . . . Tom Riddle. . . .  Still he paced, his red eyes darting from grave to grave.  Listen to me, reliving family history . . . he said quietly, why, I am growing quite sentimental. . . . But look, Harry! My true family returns. . . .  The air was suddenly full of the swishing of cloaks. Between graves, behind the yew tree, in every shadowy space, wizards were Apparating. All of them were hooded and masked. And one by one they moved forward . . . slowly, cautiously, as though they could hardly believe their eyes Voldemort stood in silence, waiting for them. Then one of the Death Eaters fell to his knees, crawled toward Voldemort and kissed the hem of his black robes.  Master . . . Master  he murmured.  The Death Eaters behind him did the same	 each of them approaching Voldemort on his knees and kissing his robes, before backing away and standing up, forming a silent circle, which enclosed Tom Riddle s grave, Harry, Voldemort, and the sobbing and twitching heap that was Wormtail. Yet they left gaps in the circle, as though waiting for more people.  Voldemort, however, did not seem to expect more. He looked around at the hooded faces, and though there was no wind rustling seemed to run around the circle, as though it had shivered.  Welcome, Death Eaters, said Voldemort quietly. Thirteen years. . . thirteen years since last we met. Yet you answer my call as though it were yesterday, we are still united under the Dark Mark, then! Or are we?  He put back his terrible face and sniffed, his slit-like nostrils widening.  I smell guilt, he said. There is a stench or guilt upon the air.  A second shiver ran around the circle, as though each member of it longed, but did not dare to step back from him.  I see you all, whole and healthy, with your powers intact - such prompt appearances! and I ask myself . . . why did this band of wizards never come to the aid of their master, to whom they swore eternal loyalty?  No one spoke. No one moved except Wormtail, who was upon the ground, still sobbing over his bleeding arm.  And I answer myself, whispered Voldemort, they must have believed me broken, they thought I was gone. They slipped back among my enemies, and they pleaded innocence, and ignorance, and bewitchment. . . .  And then I ask myself, but how could they have believed I would not rise again? They, who knew the steps I took, long ago, to guard myself against mortal death? They, who had seen proofs of the immensity of my power in the times when I was mightier than any wizard living?  And I answer myself, perhaps they believed a still greater power could exist, one that could vanquish even Lord Voldemort. . . perhaps they now pay allegiance to another . . .  perhaps that champion of commoners, of Mudbloods and Muggles, Albus Dumbledore?  At the mention of Dumbledore's name, the members of the circle stirred, and some muttered and shook their heads. Voldemort ignored them.  It is a disappointment to me ... I confess myself disappointed. . . .  One of the men suddenly flung himself forward, breaking the circle. Trembling from head to foot, he collapsed at Voldemort's feet.  Master! he shrieked, Master, forgive me! Forgive us all!  Voldemort began to laugh. He raised his wand.  Crucio!  The Death Eater on the ground writhed and shrieked	 Harry was sure the sound must carry to the houses around. . . . Let the police come, he thought desperately . . . anyone . ..  anything. . .  Voldemort raised his wand. The tortured Death Eater lay flat upon the ground, gasping.  Get up, Avery, said Voldemort softly. Stand up. You ask for forgiveness? I do not forgive. I do not forget. Thirteen long years ... I want thirteen years' repayment before I forgive you. Wormtail here has paid some of his debt already, have you not, Wormtail?  He looked down at Wormtail, who continued to sob.  You returned to me, not out of loyalty, but out of fear of your old friends. You deserve this pain, Wormtail. You know that, don't you?  Yes, Master, moaned Wormtail, please. Master . . . please ...  Yet you helped return me to my body, said Voldemort coolly, watching Wormtail sob on the ground. Worthless and traitorous as you are, you helped me ... and Lord Voldemort rewards his helpers... .  Voldemort raised his wand again and whirled it through the air. A streak of what looked like molten silver hung shining in the wand's wake. Momentarily shapeless, it writhed and then formed itself into a gleaming replica of a human hand, bright as moonlight, which soared downward and fixed itself upon Wormtails bleeding wrist.  Wormtail's sobbing stopped abruptly. His breathing harsh and ragged, he raised his head and stared in disbelief at the silver hand, now attached seamlessly to his arm, as though he were wearing a dazzling glove. He flexed the shining fingers, then, trembling, picked up a small twig on the ground and crushed it into powder.  My Lord, he whispered. Master ... it is beautiful. . . thank you... thank you. ...  He scrambled forward on his knees and kissed the hem of Voldemort's robes.  May your loyalty never waver again, Wormtail, said Voldemort.  No, my Lord . . . never, my Lord . . .  Wormtail stood up and took his place in the circle, staring at his powerful new hand, his face still shining with tears. Voldemort now approached the man on Wormtail's right.  Lucius, my slippery friend, he whispered, halting before him. I am told that you have not renounced the old ways, though to the world you present a respectable face. You are still ready to take the lead in a spot of Muggle-torture, I believe? Yet you never tried to find me, Lucius. . . . Your exploits at the Quidditch World Cup were fun, I daresay. .  . but might not your energies have been better directed toward finding and aiding your master?  My Lord, I was constantly on the alert, came Lucius Malfoy's voice swiftly from beneath the hood. Had there been any sign from you, any whisper of your whereabouts, I would have been at your side immediately, nothing could have prevented me -  And yet you ran from my Mark, when a faithful Death Eater sent it into the sky last summer? said Voldemort lazily, and Mr. Malfoy stopped talking abruptly. Yes, I know all about that, Lucius. . . . You have disappointed me. ... I expect more faithful service in the future.  Of course, my Lord, of course. . . . You are merciful, thank you. ...  Voldemort moved on, and stopped, staring at the space - large enough for two people -that separated Malfoy and the next man.  The Lestranges should stand here, said Voldemort quietly. But they are entombed in Azkaban. They were faithful. They went to Azkaban rather than renounce me. . . . When Azkaban is broken open, the Lestranges will be honored beyond their dreams. The dementors will join us ... they are our natural allies ... we will recall the banished giants ... I shall have all my devoted servants returned to me, and an army of creatures whom all fear. ...  He walked on. Some of the Death Eaters he passed in silence, but he paused before others and spoke to them.  Macnair . . . destroying dangerous beasts for the Ministry of Magic now, Wormtail tells me? You shall have better victims than that soon, Macnair. Lord Voldemort will provide.  ...  Thank you, Master . . . thank you, murmured Macnair.  And here - Voldemort moved on to the two largest hooded figures - we have Crabbe . . .  you will do better this time, will you not, Crabbe? And you, Goyle?  They bowed clumsily, muttering dully.  Yes, Master ...  We will, Master....  The same goes for you, Nott, said Voldemort quietly as he walked past a stooped figure  in Mr. Goyles shadow.  My Lord, I prostrate myself before you, I am your most faithful -  That will do, said Voldemort.  He had reached the largest gap of all, and he stood surveying it with his blank, red eyes, as though he could see people standing there.  And here we have six missing Death Eaters . . . three dead in my service. One, too cowardly to return ... he will pay. One, who I believe has left me forever ... he will be killed, of course . . . and one, who remains my most faithful servant, and who has already reentered my service.  The Death Eaters stirred, and Harry saw their eyes dart sideways at one another through their masks.  He is at Hogwarts, that faithful servant, and it was through his efforts that our young friend arrived here tonight. . . .  Yes, said Voldemort, a grin curling his lipless mouth as the eyes of the circle flashed in Harry's direction. Harry Potter has kindly joined us for my rebirthing party. One might go so far as to call him my guest of honor.  There was a silence. Then the Death Eater to the right of Wormtail stepped forward, and Lucius Malfoy's voice spoke from under the mask.  Master, we crave to know ... we beg you to tell us ... how you have achieved this . . .  this miracle . . . how you managed to return to us. .. .  Ah, what a story it is, Lucius, said Voldemort. And it begins - and ends - with my young friend here.  He walked lazily over to stand next to Harry, so that the eyes of the whole circle were upon the two of them. The snake continued to circle.  You know, of course, that they have called this boy my downfall? Voldemort said softly, his red eyes upon Harry, whose scar began to burn so fiercely that he almost screamed in agony. You all know that on the night I lost my powers and my body, I tried to kill him. His mother died in the attempt to save him - and unwittingly provided him with a protection I admit I had not foreseen. ... I could not touch the boy.  Voldemort raised one of his long white fingers and put it very close to Harry's cheek.  His mother left upon him the traces other sacrifice. . . . This is old magic, I should have remembered it, I was foolish to overlook it... but no matter. I can touch him now.  Harry felt the cold tip of the long white finger touch him, and thought his head would burst with the pain. Voldemort laughed softly in his ear, then took the finger away and continued addressing the Death Eaters.  I miscalculated, my friends, I admit it. My curse was deflected by the woman's foolish sacrifice, and it rebounded upon myself. Aaah . . . pain beyond pain, my friends	 nothing could have prepared me for it. I was ripped from my body, I was less than spirit, less than the meanest ghost. . . but still, I was alive. What I was, even I do not know... I, who have gone further than anybody along the path that leads to immortality. You know my goal - to conquer death. And now, I was tested, and it appeared that one or more of my experiments had worked ... for I had not been killed, though the curse should have done it. Nevertheless, I was as powerless as the weakest creature alive, and without the means to help myself... for I had no body, and every spell that might have helped me required the use of a wand. . . .  I remember only forcing myself, sleeplessly, endlessly, second by second, to exist. ...  I settled in a faraway place, in a forest, and I waited. . . . Surely, one of my faithful Death Eaters would try and find me. . . one of them would come and perform the magic I could not, to restore me to a body . . , but I waited in vain. ...  The shiver ran once more around the circle of listening Death Eaters. Voldemort let the silence spiral horribly before continuing.  Only one power remained to me. I could possess the bodies of others. But I dared not go where other humans were plentiful, for I knew that the Aurors were still abroad and searching for me.  I sometimes inhabited animals - snakes, of course, being my preference - but I was little better off inside them than as pure spirit, for their bodies were ill adapted to perform magic . . . and my possession of them shortened their lives	 none of them lasted long. .  . .  Then . . . four years ago . . . the means for my return seemed assured. A wizard -young, foolish, and gullible - wandered across my path in the forest I had made my home.  Oh, he seemed the very chance I had been dreaming of... for he was a teacher at  Dumbledore's school... he was easy to bend to my will... he brought me back to this country, and after a while, I took possession of his body, to supervise him closely as he carried out my orders. But my plan failed. I did not manage to steal the Sorcerer's Stone. I was not to be assured immortal life. I was thwarted . . . thwarted, once again, by Harry Potter. ...  Silence once more	 nothing was stirring, not even the leaves on the yew tree. The Death Eaters were quite motionless, the glittering eyes in their masks fixed upon Voldemort, and upon Harry.  The servant died when I left his body, and I was left as weak as ever I had been,  Voldemort continued. I returned to my hiding place far away, and I will not pretend to you that I didn't then fear that I might never regain my powers. . . . Yes, that was perhaps my darkest hour... I could not hope that I would be sent another wizard to possess . . . and I had given up hope, now, that any of my Death Eaters cared what had become of me. ...  One or two of the masked wizards in the circle moved uncomfortably, but Voldemort took no notice.  And then, not even a year ago, when I had almost abandoned hope, it happened at last...  a servant returned to me. Wormtail here, who had faked his own death to escape justice, was driven out of hiding by those he had once counted friends, and decided to return to his master. He sought me in the country where it had long been rumored I was hiding . .  . helped, of course, by the rats he met along the way. Wormtail has a curious affinity with rats, do you not, Wormtail? His filthy little friends told him there was a place, deep in an Albanian forest, that they avoided, where small animals like themselves had met their deaths by a dark shadow that possessed them. . . .  But his journey back to me was not smooth, was it, Wormtail? For, hungry one night, on the edge of the very forest where he had hoped to find me, he foolishly stopped at an inn for some food . . . and who should he meet there, but one Bertha Jorkins, a witch from the Ministry of Magic.  Now see the way that fate favors Lord Voldemort. This might have been the end of Wormtail, and of my last hope for regeneration. But Wormtail - displaying a presence of mind I would never have expected from him - convinced Bertha Jorkins to accompany him on a nighttime stroll. He overpowered her ... he brought her to me. And Bertha Jorkins, who might have ruined all, proved instead to be a gift beyond my wildest dreams ... for -with a little persuasion - she became a veritable mine of information.  She told me that the Triwizard Tournament would be played at Hogwarts this year. She told me that she knew of a faithful Death Eater who would be only too willing to help me, if I could only contact him. She told me many things. . . but the means I used to break the Memory Charm upon her were powerful, and when I had extracted all useful information from her, her mind and body were both damaged beyond repair. She had now served her purpose. I could not possess her. I disposed of her.  Voldemort smiled his terrible smile, his red eyes blank and pitiless.  Wormtail's body, of course, was ill adapted for possession, as all assumed him dead, and would attract far too much attention if noticed. However, he was the able-bodied servant I needed, and, poor wizard though he is, Wormtail was able to follow the instructions I gave him, which would return me to a rudimentary, weak body of my own, a body I would be able to inhabit while awaiting the essential ingredients for true rebirth ... a spell or two of my own invention ... a little help from my dear Nagini, Voldemorts red eyes fell upon the continually circling snake, a potion concocted from unicorn blood, and the snake venom Nagini provided ... I was soon returned to an almost human form, and strong enough to travel.  There was no hope of stealing the Sorcerer's Stone anymore, for I knew that Dumbledore would have seen to it that it was destroyed. But I was willing to embrace mortal life again, before chasing immortality. I set my sights lower ... I would settle for my old body back again, and my old strength.  I knew that to achieve this - it is an old piece of Dark Magic, the potion that revived me tonight - I would need three powerful ingredients. Well, one of them was already at hand, was it not, Wormtail? Flesh given by a servant. . . .  My father's bone, naturally, meant that we would have to come here, where he was buried.  But the blood of a foe ... Wormtail would have had me use any wizard, would you not, Wormtail? Any wizard who had hated me ... as so many of them still do. But I knew the one I must use, if I was to rise again, more powerful than I had been when I had fallen.  I wanted Harry Potters blood. I wanted the blood of the one who had stripped me of power thirteen years ago . . . for the lingering protection his mother once gave him would then reside in my veins too. . . .  But how to get at Harry Potter? For he has been better protected than I think even he knows, protected in ways devised by Dumbledore long ago, when it fell to him to arrange the boy's future. Dumbledore invoked an ancient magic, to ensure the boy's protection as long as he is in his relations' care. Not even I can touch him there. . . . Then, of course, there was the Quidditch World Cup. ... I thought his protection might be weaker there, away from his relations and Dumbledore, but I was not yet strong enough to attempt kidnap in the midst of a horde of Ministry wizards. And then, the boy would return to Hogwarts, where he is under the crooked nose of that Muggle-loving fool from morning until night. So how could I take him?  Why ... by using Bertha Jorkins's information, of course. Use my one faithful Death Eater, stationed at Hogwarts, to ensure that the boy's name was entered into the Goblet of Fire. Use my Death Eater to ensure that the boy won the tournament - that he touched the Triwizard Cup first - the cup which my Death Eater had turned into a Portkey, which would bring him here, beyond the reach of Dumbledore's help and protection, and into my waiting arms. And here he is ... the boy you all believed had been my downfall. ...  Voldemort moved slowly forward and turned to face Harry. He raised his wand.  Crucio!  It was pain beyond anything Harry had ever experienced	 his very bones were on fire
Goblet of Fire=  Wormtail approached Harry, who scrambled to find his feet, to support his own weight before the ropes were untied. Wormtail raised his new silver hand, pulled out the wad of material gagging Harry, and then, with one swipe, cut through the bonds tying Harry to the gravestone.  There was a split second, perhaps, when Harry might have considered running for it, but his injured leg shook under him as he stood on the overgrown grave, as the Death Eaters closed ranks, forming a tighter circle around him and Voldemort, so that the gaps where the missing Death Eaters should have stood were filled. Wormtail walked out of the circle to the place where Cedric's body lay and returned with Harry's wand, which he thrust roughly into Harry's hand without looking at him. Then Wormtail resumed his place in the circle of watching Death Eaters.  You have been taught how to duel. Harry Potter? said Voldemort softly, his red eyes glinting through the darkness.  At these words Harry remembered, as though from a former life, the dueling club at Hogwarts he had attended briefly two years ago. ... All he had learned there was the Disarming Spell, Expelliarmus. . . and what use would it be to deprive Voldemort of his wand, even if he could, when he was surrounded by Death Eaters, outnumbered by at least thirty to one? He had never learned anything that could possibly fit him for this. He knew he was facing the thing against which Moody had always warned . . . the unblockable Avada Kedavra curse - and Voldemort was right - his mother was not here to die for him this time. ... He was quite unprotected. . . .  We bow to each other. Harry, said Voldemort, bending a little, but keeping his snakelike face upturned to Harry. Come, the niceties must be observed. . . . Dumbledore  would like you to show manners. . . . Bow to death, Harry. ...  The Death Eaters were laughing again. Voldemorts lipless mouth was smiling. Harry did not bow. He was not going to let Voldemort play with him before killing him ... he was not going to give him that satisfaction. . . .  I said, bow, Voldemort said, raising his wand - and Harry felt his spine curve as though a huge, invisible hand were bending him ruthlessly forward, and the Death Eaters laughed harder than ever.  Very good, said Voldemort softly, and as he raised his wand the pressure bearing down upon Harry lifted too. And now you face me, like a man . . . straight-backed and proud, the way your father died. . . .  And now - we duel.  Voldemort raised his wand, and before Harry could do anything to defend himself, before he could even move, he had been hit again by the Cruciatus Curse. The pain was so intense, so all-consuming, that he no longer knew where he was. . . . White-hot knives were piercing every inch of his skin, his head was surely going to burst with pain, he was screaming more loudly than he'd ever screamed in his life -And then it stopped. Harry rolled over and scrambled to his feet	 he was shaking as uncontrollably as Wormtail had done when his hand had been cut off	 he staggered sideways into the wall of watching Death Eaters, and they pushed him away, back toward Voldemort.  A little break, said Voldemort, the slit-like nostrils dilating with excitement, a little pause . . . That hurt, didn't it. Harry? You don't want me to do that again, do you?  Harry didn't answer. He was going to die like Cedric, those pitiless red eyes were telling him so ... he was going to die, and there was nothing he could do about it... but he wasn't going to play along. He wasn't going to obey Voldemort... he wasn't going to beg. . . .  I asked you whether you want me to do that again, said Voldemort softly. Answer me!  Imperial  And Harry felt, for the third time in his life, the sensation that his mind had been wiped of all thought. . . . Ah, it was bliss, not to think, it was as though he were floating, dreaming ...just answer no ... say no ... just answer no. .. .  I will not, said a stronger voice, in the back of his head, I won't answer. . . .  Just answer no. . . .  I won't do it, I won't say it. ...  Just answer no. . . .  I WON'T!  And these words burst from Harry's mouth	 they echoed through the graveyard, and the dream state was lifted as suddenly as though cold water had been thrown over him - back rushed the aches that the Cruciatus Curse had left all over his body - back rushed the realization of where he was, and what he was facing. . . .  You won't? said Voldemort quietly, and the Death Eaters were not laughing now. You won't say no? Harry, obedience is a virtue I need to teach you before you die. . . .  Perhaps another little dose of pain?  Voldemort raised his wand, but this time Harry was ready	 with the reflexes born of his Quidditch training, he flung himself sideways onto the ground	 he rolled behind the marble headstone of Voldemort s father, and he heard it crack as the curse missed him.  We are not playing hide-and-seek, Harry, said Voldemort's soft, cold voice, drawing nearer, as the Death Eaters laughed. You cannot hide from me. Does this mean you are tired of our duel? Does this mean that you would prefer me to finish it now, Harry?  Come out, Harry . . . come out and play, then ... it will be quick ... it might even be painless ... I would not know... I have never died. . . .  Harry crouched behind the headstone and knew the end had come. There was no hope ... no help to be had. And as he heard Voldemort draw nearer still, he knew one thing only, and it was beyond fear or reason: He was not going to die crouching here like a child playing hide-and-seek	 he was not going to die kneeling at Voldemort s feet... he was going to die upright like his father, and he was going to die trying to defend himself, even if no defense was possible. . . .  Before Voldemort could stick his snakelike face around the headstone. Harry stood up ...  he gripped his wand tightly in his hand, thrust it out in front of him, and threw himself around the headstone, facing Voldemort.  Voldemort was ready. As Harry shouted, Expelliarmus! Voldemort cried, Avada Kedavra!  A jet of green light issued from Voldemorts wand just as a jet of red light blasted from Harry's - they met in midair - and suddenly Harry's wand was vibrating as though an electric charge were surging through it	 his hand seized up around it	 he couldn't have released it if he'd wanted to - and a narrow beam of light connected the two wands, neither red nor green, but bright, deep gold. Harry, following the beam with his astonished gaze, saw that Voldemort's long white fingers too were gripping a wand that was shaking and vibrating.  And then - nothing could have prepared Harry for this - he felt his feet lift from the ground. He and Voldemort were both being raised into the air, their wands still connected by that thread of shimmering golden light. They glided away from the tombstone of Voldemort's father and then came to rest on a patch of ground that was clear and free of graves. . . . The Death Eaters were shouting	 they were asking Voldemort for instructions	 they were closing in, reforming the circle around Harry and Voldemort, the snake slithering at their heels, some of them drawing their wands -The golden thread connecting Harry and Voldemort splintered	 though the wands remained connected, a thousand more beams arced high over Harry and Voldemort, crisscrossing all around them, until they were enclosed in a golden, dome-shaped web, a cage of light, beyond which the Death Eaters circled like jackals, their cries strangely muffled now. . . .  Do nothing! Voldemort shrieked to the Death Eaters, and Harry saw his red eyes wide with astonishment at what was happening, saw him fighting to break the thread of light still connecting his wand with Harry's	 Harry held onto his wand more tightly, with both hands, and the golden thread remained unbroken. Do nothing unless I command you!  Voldemort shouted to the Death Eaters.  And then an unearthly and beautiful sound filled the air. ... It was coming from every thread of the light-spun web vibrating around Harry and Voldemort. It was a sound Harry recognized, though he had heard it only once before in his life: phoenix song.  It was the sound of hope to Harry. . . the most beautiful and welcome thing he had ever heard in his life. . . . He felt as though the song were inside him instead of just around him. ... It was the sound he connected with Dumbledore, and it was almost as though a friend were speaking in his ear. . . .  Don't break the connection.  I know. Harry told the music, I know I mustn't. . . but no sooner had he thought it, than the thing became much harder to do. His wand began to vibrate more powerfully than ever . . . and now the beam between him and Voldemort changed too ... it was as though large beads of light were sliding up and down the thread connecting the wands - Harry felt his wand give a shudder under his hand as the light beads began to slide slowly and steadily his way. . . . The direction of the beams movement was now toward him, from Voldemort, and he felt his wand shudder angrily. . . .  As the closest bead of light moved nearer to Harrys wand tip, the wood beneath his fingers grew so hot he feared it would burst into flame. The closer that bead moved, the harder Harry's wand vibrated	 he was sure his wand would not survive contact with it
Goblet of Fire=  Harry felt himself slam flat into the ground	 his face was pressed into grass	 the smell of it filled his nostrils. He had closed his eyes while the Portkey transported him, and he kept them closed now. He did not move. All the breath seemed to have been knocked out of him	 his head was swimming so badly he felt as though the ground beneath him were swaying like the deck of a ship. To hold himself steady, he tightened his hold on the two things he was still clutching: the smooth, cold handle of the Triwizard Cup and Cedric's body. He felt as though he would slide away into the blackness gathering at the edges of his brain if he let go of either of them. Shock and exhaustion kept him on the ground, breathing in the smell of the grass, waiting . . . waiting for someone to do something . . . something to happen . . . and all the while, his scar burned dully on his forehead. . . .  A torrent of sound deafened and confused him	 there were voices everywhere, footsteps, screams. ... He remained where he was, his face screwed up against the noise, as though it were a nightmare that would pass. . . .  Then a pair of hands seized him roughly and turned him over.  Harry! Harry!  He opened his eyes.  He was looking up at the starry sky, and Albus Dumbledore was crouched over him. The dark shadows of a crowd of people pressed in around them, pushing nearer	 Harry felt the ground beneath his head reverberating with their footsteps.  He had come back to the edge of the maze. He could see the stands rising above him, the shapes of people moving in them, the stars above.  Harry let go of the cup, but he clutched Cedric to him even more tightly. He raised his free hand and seized Dumbledore's wrist, while Dumbledore's face swam in and out of focus.  He's back, Harry whispered. He's back. Voldemort.  What's going on? What's happened?  The face of Cornelius Fudge appeared upside down over Harry	 it looked white, appalled.  My God - Diggory! it whispered. Dumbledore - he's dead!  The words were repeated, the shadowy figures pressing in on them gasped it to those around them . . . and then others shouted it - screeched it - into the night - He's dead! He's dead! Cedric Diggory! Dead!  Harry, let go of him, he heard Fudge's voice say, and he felt fingers trying to pry him from Cedric's limp body, but Harry wouldn't let him go. Then Dumbledore's face, which was still blurred and misted, came closer.  Harry, you can't help him now. It's over. Let go.  He wanted me to bring him back, Harry muttered - it seemed important to explain this.  He wanted me to bring him back to his parents. ...  That's right. Harry . . . just let go now. . . .  Dumbledore bent down, and with extraordinary strength for a man so old and thin, raised Harry from the ground and set -him on his feet. Harry swayed. His head was pounding.  His injured leg would no longer support his weight. The crowd around them jostled, fighting to get closer, pressing darkly in on him - What's happened? What's wrong with him? Diggorys dead!  He'll need to go to the hospital wing! Fudge was saying loudly. He's ill, he's injured - Dumbledore, Diggory's parents, they're here, they're in the stands. ...  I'll take Harry, Dumbledore, I'll take him -  No, I would prefer-  Dumbledore, Amos Diggorys running . . . he's coming over. . . . Don't you think you should tell him - before he sees - ?  Harry, stay here -  Girls were screaming, sobbing hysterically.... The scene flickered oddly before Harry's eyes. . . .  Its all right, son, I've got you . . . come on ... hospital wing . . .  Dumbledore said stay, said Harry thickly, the pounding in his scar making him feel as though he was about to throw up	 his vision was blurring worse than ever.  You need to lie down. . .. Come on now....  Someone larger and stronger than he was was half pulling, half carrying him through the frightened crowd. Harry heard people gasping, screaming, and shouting as the man supporting him pushed a path through them, taking him back to the castle. Across the lawn, past the lake and the Durmstrang ship, Harry heard nothing but the heavy breathing of the man helping him walk.  What happened. Harry? the man asked at last as he lifted Harry up the stone steps.  Clunk. Clunk. Clunk. It was Mad-Eye Moody.  Cup was a Portkey, said Harry as they crossed the entrance hall. Took me and Cedric to a graveyard . . . and Voldemort was there . . . Lord Voldemort...  Clunk. Clunk. Clunk. Up the marble stairs . . .  The Dark Lord was there? What happened then?  Killed Cedric . . . they killed Cedric. . . .  And then?  Clunk. Clunk. Clunk. Along the corridor . . .  Made a potion . . . got his body back. . . .  The Dark Lord got his body back? He's returned?  And the Death Eaters came . . . and then we dueled. ...  You dueled with the Dark Lord?  Got away . . . my wand . . . did something funny. ... I saw my mum and dad . . . they came out of his wand. ...  In here. Harry ... in here, and sit down. . . . You'll be all right now . . . drink this. ...  Harry heard a key scrape in a lock and felt a cup being pushed into his hands.  Drink it... you'll feel better . . . come on, now. Harry, I need to know exactly what happened. ...  Moody helped tip the stuff down Harrys throat	 he coughed, a peppery taste burning his throat. Moody's office came into sharper focus, and so did Moody himself. ... He looked as white as Fudge had looked, and both eyes were fixed unblinkingly upon Harry's face.  Voldemort's back, Harry? You're sure he's back? How did he do it?  He took stuff from his father's grave, and from Wormtail, and me, said Harry. His head felt clearer	 his scar wasn't hurting so badly	 he could now see Moodys face distinctly, even though the office was dark. He could still hear screaming and shouting from the distant Quidditch field.  What did the Dark Lord take from you? said Moody.  Blood, said Harry, raising his arm. His sleeve was ripped where Wormtail's dagger had torn it.  Moody let out his breath in a long, low hiss.  And the Death Eaters? They returned?  Yes, said Harry. Loads of them . . .  How did he treat them? Moody asked quietly. Did he forgive them?  But Harry had suddenly remembered. He should have told Dumbledore, he should have said it straightaway -  There's a Death Eater at Hogwarts! There's a Death Eater here - they put my name in the Goblet of Fire, they made sure I got through to the end -  Harry tried to get up, but Moody pushed him back down.  I know who the Death Eater is, he said quietly.  Karkaroff? said Harry wildly. Where is he? Have you got him? Is he locked up?  Karkaroff? said Moody with an odd laugh. Karkaroff fled tonight, when he felt the Dark Mark burn upon his arm. He betrayed too many faithful supporters of the Dark Lord to wish to meet them . . . but I doubt he will get far. The Dark Lord has ways of tracking his enemies.  Karkaroff's gone? He ran away? But then - he didn't put my name in the goblet?  No, said Moody slowly. No, he didn't. It was I who did that.  Harry heard, but didn't believe.  No, you didn't, he said. You didn't do that. . . you can't have done...  I assure you I did, said Moody, and his magical eye swung around and fixed upon the door, and Harry knew he was making sure that there was no one outside it. At the same time, Moody drew out his wand and pointed it at Harry.  He forgave them, then? he said. The Death Eaters who went free? The ones who escaped Azkaban?  What? said Harry.  He was looking at the wand Moody was pointing at him. This was a bad joke, it had to be.  I asked you, said Moody quietly, whether he forgave the scum who never even went to look for him. Those treacherous cowards who wouldn't even brave Azkaban for him. The faithless, worthless bits of filth who were brave enough to cavort in masks at the Quidditch World Cup, but fled at the sight of the Dark Mark when I fired it into the sky.  You fired . . . What are you talking about. . . ?  I told you. Harry ... I told you. If there's one thing I hate more than any other, it's a Death Eater who walked free. They turned their backs on my master when he needed them most. I expected him to punish them. I expected him to torture them. Tell me he hurt them, Harry. . . . Moody's face was suddenly lit with an insane smile. Tell me he told them that I, I alone remained faithful... prepared to risk everything to deliver to him the one thing he wanted above all... you  You didn't... it - it can't be you. ...  Who put your name in the Goblet of Fire, under the name of a different school? I did.  Who frightened off every person I thought might try to hurt you or prevent you from winning the tournament? I did. Who nudged Hagrid into showing you the dragons? I did.  Who helped you see the only way you could beat the dragon? I did  Moody's magical eye had now left the door. It was fixed upon Harry. His lopsided mouth leered more widely than ever.  It hasn't been easy, Harry, guiding you through these tasks without arousing suspicion.  I have had to use every ounce of cunning I possess, so that my hand would not be detectable in your success. Dumbledore would have been very suspicious if you had managed everything too easily. As long as you got into that maze, preferably with a decent head start - then, I knew, I would have a chance of getting rid of the other champions and leaving your way clear. But I also had to contend with your stupidity.  The second task . . . that was when I was most afraid we would fail. I was keeping watch on you, Potter. I knew you hadn't worked out the egg's clue, so I had to give you another hint -  You didn't, Harry said hoarsely. Cedric gave me the clue -  Who told Cedric to open it underwater? I did. I trusted that he would pass the information on to you. Decent people are so easy to manipulate, Potter. I was sure Cedric would want to repay you for telling him about the dragons, and so he did. But even then, Potter, even then you seemed likely to fail. I was watching all the time ... all those hours in the library. Didn't you realize that the book you needed was in your dormitory all along? I planted it there early on, I gave it to the Longbottom boy, don't you remember? Magical Water Plants of the Mediterranean. It would have told you all you needed to know about gillyweed. I expected you to ask everyone and anyone you could for help. Longbottom would have told you in an instant. But you did not. . . you did not. .  . . You have a streak of pride and independence that might have ruined all.  So what could I do? Feed you information from another innocent source. You told me at  the Yule Ball a house-elf called Dobby had given you a Christmas present. I called the elf to the staffroom to collect some robes for cleaning. I staged a loud conversation with Professor McGonagall about the hostages who had been taken, and whether Potter would think to use gillyweed. And your little elf friend ran straight to Snape's office and then hurried to find you...  Moodys wand was still pointing directly at Harry's heart. Over his shoulder, foggy shapes were moving in the Foe-Glass on the wall.  You were so long in that lake, Potter, I thought you had drowned. But luckily, Dumbledore took your idiocy for nobility, and marked you high for it. I breathed again.  You had an easier time of it than you should have in that maze tonight, of course, said Moody. I was patrolling around it, able to see through the outer hedges, able to curse many obstacles out of your way. I Stunned Fleur Delacour as she passed. I put the Imperius Curse on Krum, so that he would finish Diggory and leave your path to the cup clear.  Harry stared at Moody. He just didn't see how this could be. ... Dumbledore's friend, the famous Auror. . . the one who had caught so many Death Eaters ... It made no sense ... no sense at all. ...  The foggy shapes in the Foe-Glass were sharpening, had become more distinct. Harry could see the outlines of three people over Moody's shoulder, moving closer and closer. But Moody wasn't watching them. His magical eye was upon Harry.  The Dark Lord didn't manage to kill you. Potter, and he so wanted to, whispered Moody.  Imagine how he will reward me when he finds I have done it for him. I gave you to him -the thing he needed above all to regenerate - and then I killed you for him. I will be honored beyond all other Death Eaters. I will be his dearest, his closest supporter . .  . closer than a son. ...  Moody's normal eye was bulging, the magical eye fixed upon Harry. The door was barred, and Harry knew he would never reach his own wand in time. . . .  The Dark Lord and I, said Moody, and he looked completely insane now, towering over Harry, leering down at him, have much in common. Both of us, for instance, had very disappointing fathers . . . very disappointing indeed. Both of us suffered the indignity, Harry, of being named after those fathers. And both of us had the pleasure .  . . the very great pleasure ... of killing our fathers to ensure the continued rise of the Dark Order!  You're mad, Harry said - he couldn't stop himself- you're mad!  Mad, am I? said Moody, his voice rising uncontrollably. We'll see! We'll see who's mad, now that the Dark Lord has returned, with me at his side! He is back, Harry Potter, you did not conquer him - and now - I conquer you!  Moody raised his wand, he opened his mouth	 Harry plunged his own hand into his robes -  Stupefy! There was a blinding flash of red light, and with a great splintering and crashing, the door of Moody's office was blasted apart -Moody was thrown backward onto the office floor. Harry, still staring at the place where Moody's face had been, saw Albus Dumbledore, Professor Snape, and Professor McGonagall looking back at him out of the Foe-Glass. He looked around and saw the three of them standing in the doorway, Dumbledore in front, his wand outstretched.  At that moment, Harry fully understood for the first time why people said Dumbledore was the only wizard Voldemort had ever feared. The look upon Dumbledore's face as he stared down at the unconscious form of Mad-Eye Moody was more terrible than Harry could have ever imagined. There was no benign smile upon Dumbledore's face, no twinkle in the eyes behind the spectacles. There was cold fury in every line of the ancient face	 a sense of power radiated from Dumbledore as though he were giving off burning heat.  He stepped into the office, placed a foot underneath Moodys unconscious body, and kicked him over onto his back, so that his face was visible. Snape followed him, looking into the Foe-Glass, where his own face was still visible, glaring into the room. Professor McGonagall went straight to Harry.  Come along, Potter, she whispered. The thin line of her mouth was twitching as though she was about to cry. Come along . . . hospital wing ...  No, said Dumbledore sharply.  Dumbledore, he ought to - look at him - he's been through enough tonight -  He will stay, Minerva, because he needs to understand, said Dumbledore curtly.  Understanding is the first step to acceptance, and only with acceptance can there be recovery. He needs to know who has put him through the ordeal he has suffered tonight,  and why,  Moody, Harry said. He was still in a state of complete disbelief. How can it have been Moody?  This is not Alastor Moody, said Dumbledore quietly. You have never known Alastor Moody. The real Moody would not have removed you from my sight after what happened tonight. The moment he took you, I knew - and I followed.  Dumbledore bent down over Moody's limp form and put a hand inside his robes. He pulled out Moody's hip flask and a set of keys on a ring. Then he turned to Professors McGonagall and Snape.  Severus, please fetch me the strongest Truth Potion you possess, and then go down to the kitchens and bring up the house-elf called Winky. Minerva, kindly go down to Hagrid's house, where you will find a large black dog sitting in the pumpkin patch. Take the dog up to my office, tell him I will be with him shortly, then come back here.  If either Snape or McGonagall found these instructions peculiar, they hid their confusion. Both turned at once and left the office. Dumbledore walked over to the trunk with seven locks, fitted the first key in the lock, and opened it. It contained a mass of spell-books. Dumbledore closed the trunk, placed a second key in the second lock, and opened the trunk again. The spellbooks had vanished	 this time it contained an assortment of broken Sneako-scopes, some parchment and quills, and what looked like a silvery Invisibility Cloak. Harry watched, astounded, as Dumbledore placed the third, fourth, fifth, and sixth keys in their respective locks, reopening the trunk each time, and revealing different contents each time. Then he placed the seventh key in the lock, threw open the lid, and Harry let out a cry of amazement.  He was looking down into a kind of pit, an underground room, and lying on the floor some ten feet below, apparently fast asleep, thin and starved in appearance, was the real Mad-Eye Moody. His wooden leg was gone, the socket that should have held the magical eye looked empty beneath its lid, and chunks of his grizzled hair were missing. Harry stared, thunderstruck, between the sleeping Moody in the trunk and the unconscious Moody lying on the floor of the office.  Dumbledore climbed into the trunk, lowered himself, and fell lightly onto the floor beside the sleeping Moody. He bent over him.  Stunned - controlled by the Imperius Curse - very weak, he said. Of course, they would have needed to keep him alive. Harry, throw down the imposter's cloak - he's freezing. Madam Pomfrey will need to see him, but he seems in no immediate danger.  Harry did as he was told
Goblet of Fire=  Dumbledore stood up. He stared down at Barty Crouch for a moment with disgust on his face. Then he raised his wand once more and ropes flew out of it, ropes that twisted themselves around Barty Crouch, binding him tightly. He turned to Professor McGonagall.  Minerva, could I ask you to stand guard here while I take Harry upstairs?  Of course, said Professor McGonagall. She looked slightly nauseous, as though she had just watched someone being sick. However, when she drew out her wand and pointed it at Barty Crouch, her hand was quite steady.  Severus - Dumbledore turned to Snape - please tell Madam Pomfrey to come down here	 we need to get Alastor Moody into the hospital wing. Then go down into the grounds, find Cornelius Fudge, and bring him up to this office. He will undoubtedly want to question Crouch himself. Tell him I will be in the hospital wing in half an hour's time if he needs me.  Snape nodded silently and swept out of the room.  Harry? Dumbledore said gently.  Harry got up and swayed again	 the pain in his leg, which he had not noticed all the time he had been listening to Crouch, now returned in full measure. He also realized that he was shaking. Dumbledore gripped his arm and helped him out into the dark corridor.  I want you to come up to my office first. Harry, he said quiedy as they headed up the passageway. Sirius is waiting for us there.  Harry nodded. A kind of numbness and a sense of complete unreality were upon him, but he did not care	 he was even glad of it. He didn't want to have to think about anything that had happened since he had first touched the Triwizard Cup. He didn't want to have to examine the memories, fresh and sharp as photographs, which kept flashing across his mind. Mad-Eye Moody, inside the trunk. Wormtail, slumped on the ground, cradling his stump of an arm. Voldemort, rising from the steaming cauldron. Cedric. . . dead . . .  Cedric, asking to be returned to his parents. . . .  Professor, Harry mumbled, where are Mr. and Mrs. Diggory?  They are with Professor Sprout, said Dumbledore. His voice, which had been so calm throughout the interrogation of Barty Crouch, shook very slightly for the first time.  She was Head of Cedric's house, and knew him best.  They had reached the stone gargoyle. Dumbledore gave the password, it sprang aside, and he and Harry went up the moving spiral staircase to the oak door. Dumbledore pushed it open. Sirius was standing there. His face was white and gaunt as it had been when he had escaped Azkaban. In one swift moment, he had crossed the room.  Harry, are you all right? I knew it - I knew something like this - what happened?  His hands shook as he helped Harry into a chair in front of the desk.  What happened? he asked more urgently.  Dumbledore began to tell Sirius everything Barty Crouch had said. Harry was only half listening. So tired every bone in his body was aching, he wanted nothing more than to sit here, undisturbed, for hours and hours, until he fell asleep and didn't have to think or feel anymore.  There was a soft rush of wings. Fawkes the phoenix had left his perch, flown across the office, and landed on Harry's knee.  'Lo, Fawkes, said Harry quietly. He stroked the phoenix's beautiful scarlet-and-gold plumage. Fawkes blinked peacefully up at him. There was something comforting about his warm weight.  Dumbledore stopped talking. He sat down opposite Harry, behind his desk. He was looking at Harry, who avoided his eyes. Dumbledore was going to question him. He was going to make Harry relive everything.  I need to know what happened after you touched the Portkey in the maze. Harry, said Dumbledore.  We can leave that till morning, can't we, Dumbledore? said Sirius harshly. He had put a hand on Harrys shoulder. Let him have a sleep. Let him rest.  Harry felt a rush of gratitude toward Sirius, but Dumbledore took no notice of Sirius's words. He leaned forward toward Harry.  Very unwillingly, Harry raised his head and looked into those blue eyes.  If I thought I could help you, Dumbledore said gently, by putting you into an enchanted sleep and allowing you to postpone the moment when you would have to think about what has happened tonight, I would do it. But I know better. Numbing the pain for a while will make it worse when you finally feel it. You have shown bravery beyond anything I could have expected of you. I ask you to demonstrate your courage one more time. I ask you to tell us what happened.  The phoenix let out one soft, quavering note. It shivered in the air, and Harry felt as though a drop of hot liquid had slipped down his throat into his stomach, warming him, and strengthening him.  He took a deep breath and began to tell them. As he spoke, visions of everything that had passed that night seemed to rise before his eyes	 he saw the sparkling surface of the potion that had revived Voldemort	 he saw the Death Eaters Apparating between the graves around them	 he saw Cedric's body, lying on the ground beside the cup.  Once or twice, Sirius made a noise as though about to say something, his hand still tight on Harry's shoulder, but Dumbledore raised his hand to stop him, and Harry was glad of this, because it was easier to keep going now he had started. It was even a relief	 he felt almost as though something poisonous were being extracted from him. It was costing him every bit of determination he had to keep talking, yet he sensed that once he had finished, he would feel better.  When Harry told of Wormtail piercing his arm with the dagger, however, Sirius let out a vehement exclamation and Dumbledore stood up so quickly that Harry started. Dumbledore walked around the desk and told Harry to stretch out his arm. Harry showed them both the place where his robes were torn and the cut beneath them.  He said my blood would make him stronger than if he'd used someone else's, Harry told Dumbledore. He said the protection my - my mother left in me - he'd have it too. And he was right - he could touch me without hurting himself, he touched my face.  For a fleeting instant, Harry thought he saw a gleam of something like triumph in Dumbledore's eyes. But next second. Harry was sure he had imagined it, for when Dumbledore had returned to his seat behind the desk, he looked as old and weary as Harry had ever seen him.  Very well, he said, sitting down again. Voldemort has overcome that particular barrier. Harry, continue, please.  Harry went on	 he explained how Voldemort had emerged from the cauldron, and told them all he could remember of Voldemort's speech to the Death Eaters. Then he told how Voldemort had untied him, returned his wand to him, and prepared to duel.  But when he reached the part where the golden beam of light had connected his and Voldemort's wands, he found his throat obstructed. He tried to keep talking, but the memories of what had come out of Voldemort's wand were flooding into his mind. He could see Cedric emerging, see the old man, Bertha Jorkins ... his father . . . his mother . .  .  He was glad when Sirius broke the silence.  The wands connected? he said, looking from Harry to Dumbledore. Why?  Harry looked up at Dumbledore again, on whose face there was an arrested look.  Priori Incantatem, he muttered.  His eyes gazed into Harry's and it was almost as though an invisible beam of understanding shot between them.  The Reverse Spell effect? said Sirius sharply.  Exactly, said Dumbledore. Harry's wand and Voldemorts wand share cores. Each of them contains a feather from the tail of the same phoenix. This phoenix, in fact, he added, and he pointed at the scarlet-and-gold bird, perching peacefully on Harry's knee.  My wand's feather came from Fawkes? Harry said, amazed.  Yes, said Dumbledore. Mr. Ollivander wrote to tell me you had bought the second wand, the moment you left his shop four years ago.  So what happens when a wand meets its brother? said Sirius.  They will not work properly against each other, said Dumbledore. If, however, the owners of the wands force the wands to do battle ... a very rare effect will take place.  One of the wands will force the other to regurgitate spells it has performed - in reverse. The most recent first. . . and then those which preceded it. . . .  He looked interrogatively at Harry, and Harry nodded.  Which means, said Dumbledore slowly, his eyes upon Harry's face, that some form of Cedric must have reappeared.  Harry nodded again.  Diggory came back to life? said Sirius sharply.  No spell can reawaken the dead, said Dumbledore heavily. All that would have happened is a kind of reverse echo. A shadow of the living Cedric would have emerged from the wand . . . am I correct, Harry?  He spoke to me, Harry said. He was suddenly shaking again. The . . . the ghost Cedric, or whatever he was, spoke.  An echo, said Dumbledore, which retained Cedric's appearance and character. I am guessing other such forms appeared . . . less recent victims of Voldemort's wand....  An old man, Harry said, his throat still constricted. Bertha Jorkins. And . . .  Your parents? said Dumbledore quietly.  Yes, said Harry.  Sirius's grip on Harry's shoulder was now so tight it was painful.  The last murders the wand performed, said Dumbledore, nodding. In reverse order. More would have appeared, of course, had you maintained the connection. Very well, Harry, these echoes, these shadows . .. what did they do?  Harry described how the figures that had emerged from the wand had prowled the edges of the golden web, how Voldemort had seemed to fear them, how the shadow of Harry's mother had told him what to do, how Cedric's had made its final request.  At this point. Harry found he could not continue. He looked around at Sirius and saw that he had his face in his hands.  Harry suddenly became aware that Fawkes had left his knee. The phoenix had fluttered to the floor. It was resting its beautiful head against Harry's injured leg, and thick, pearly tears were falling from its eyes onto the wound left by the spider. The pain vanished. The skin mended. His leg was repaired.  I will say it again, said Dumbledore as the phoenix rose into the air and resettled itself upon the perch beside the door. You have shown bravery beyond anything I could have expected of you tonight. Harry. You have shown bravery equal to those who died fighting Voldemort at the height of his powers. You have shouldered a grown wizard's burden and found yourself equal to it - and you have now given us all we have a right to expect. You will come with me to the hospital wing. I do not want you returning to the dormitory tonight. A Sleeping Potion, and some peace . . . Sirius, would you like to stay with him?  Sirius nodded and stood up. He transformed back into the great black dog and walked with Harry and Dumbledore out of the office, accompanying them down a flight of stairs to the hospital wing.  When Dumbledore pushed open the door. Harry saw Mrs. Weasley, Bill, Ron, and Hermione grouped around a harassed-looking Madam Pomfrey. They appeared to be demanding to know where Harry was and what had happened to him. All of them whipped around as Harry, Dumbledore, and the black dog entered, and Mrs. Weasley let out a kind of muffled scream.  Harry! Oh Harry!  She started to hurry toward him, but Dumbledore moved between them.  Molly, he said, holding up a hand, please listen to me for a moment. Harry has been through a terrible ordeal tonight. He has just had to relive it for me. What he needs now is sleep, and peace, and quiet. If he would like you all to stay with him, he added, looking around at Ron, Hermione, and Bill too, you may do so. But I do not want you questioning him until he is ready to answer, and certainly not this evening.  Mrs. Weasley nodded. She was very white. She rounded on Ron, Hermione, and Bill as though they were being noisy, and hissed, Did you hear? He needs quiet!  Headmaster, said Madam Pomfrey, staring at the great black dog that was Sirius, may I ask what - ?  This dog will be remaining with Harry for a while, said Dumbledore simply. I assure you, he is extremely well trained. Harry - I will wait while you get into bed.  Harry felt an inexpressible sense of gratitude to Dumbledore for asking the others not to  question him. It wasn't as though he didn't want them there	 but the thought of explaining it all over again, the idea of reliving it one more time, was more than he could stand.  I will be back to see you as soon as I have met with Fudge, Harry, said Dumbledore. I would like you to remain here tomorrow until I have spoken to the school. He left.  As Madam Pomfrey led Harry to a nearby bed, he caught sight of the real Moody lying motionless in a bed at the far end of the room. His wooden leg and magical eye were lying on the bedside table.  Is he okay? Harry asked.  He'll be fine, said Madam Pomfrey, giving Harry some pajamas and pulling screens around him. He took off his robes, pulled on the pajamas, and got into bed. Ron, Hermione, Bill, Mrs. Weasley, and the black dog came around the screen and settled themselves in chairs on either side of him. Ron and Hermione were looking at him almost cautiously, as though scared of him.  I'm all right, he told them. Just tired.  Mrs. Weasleys eyes filled with tears as she smoothed his bed-covers unnecessarily.  Madam Pomfrey, who had bustled off to her office, returned holding a small bottle of some purple potion and a goblet.  You'll need to drink all of this. Harry, she said. It's a potion for dreamless sleep.  Harry took the goblet and drank a few mouthfuls. He felt himself becoming drowsy at once. Everything around him became hazy	 the lamps around the hospital wing seemed to be winking at him in a friendly way through the screen around his bed	 his body felt as though it was sinking deeper into the warmth of the feather matress. Before he could finish the potion, before he could say another word, his exhaustion had carried him off to sleep.  Harry woke up, so warm, so very sleepy, that he didn't open his eyes, wanting to drop off again. The room was still dimly lit	 he was sure it was still nighttime and had a feeling that he couldn't have been asleep very long.  Then he heard whispering around him.  They'll wake him if they don't shut up!  What are they shouting about? Nothing else can have happened, can it?  Harry opened his eyes blearily. Someone had removed his glasses. He could see the fuzzy outlines of Mrs. Weasley and Bill close by. Mrs. Weasley was on her feet.  That's Fudge's voice, she whispered. And that's Minerva McGonagall's, isn't it? But what are they arguing about?  Now Harry could hear them too: people shouting and running toward the hospital wing.  Regrettable, but all the same, Minerva - Cornelius Fudge was saying loudly.  You should never have brought it inside the castle! yelled Professor McGonagall. When Dumbledore finds out -  Harry heard the hospital doors burst open. Unnoticed by any of the people around his bed, all of whom were staring at the door as Bill pulled back the screens, Harry sat up and put his glasses back on.  Fudge came striding up the ward. Professors McGonagall and Snape were at his heels.  Where's Dumbledore? Fudge demanded of Mrs. Weasley.  He's not here, said Mrs. Weasley angrily. This is a hospital wing. Minister, don't you think you'd do better to -  But the door opened, and Dumbledore came sweeping up the ward.  What has happened? said Dumbledore sharply, looking from Fudge to Professor McGonagall.  Why are you disturbing these people? Minerva, I'm surprised at you - I asked you to stand guard over Barty Crouch -  There is no need to stand guard over him anymore, Dumble-dore! she shrieked. The Minister has seen to that!  Harry had never seen Professor McGonagall lose control like this. There were angry blotches of color in her cheeks, and a hands were balled into fists	 she was trembling with fury.-  When we told Mr. Fudge that we had caught the Death Eater responsible for tonight's events, said Snape, in a low voice
Goblet of Fire=  When he looked back, even a month later, Harry found he had only scattered memories of the next few days. It was as though he had been through too much to take in any more.  The recollections he did have were very painful. The worst, perhaps, was the meeting with the Diggorys that took place the following morning.  They did not blame him for what had happened	 on the contrary, both thanked him for returning Cedric's body to them. Mr. Diggory sobbed through most of the interview. Mrs.  Diggory's grief seemed to be beyond tears.  He suffered very little then, she said, when Harry had told her how Cedric had died.  And after all, Amos ... he died just when he'd won the tournament. He must have been happy.  When they got to their feet, she looked down at Harry and said, You look after yourself, now.  Harry seized the sack of gold on the bedside table.  You take this, he muttered to her. It should've been Cedric's, he got there first, you take it -  But she backed away from him.  Oh no, it's yours, dear, I couldn't. . . you keep it.  Harry returned to Gryffindor Tower the following evening. From what Hermione and Ron told him, Dumbledore had spoken to the school that morning at breakfast. He had merely requested that they leave Harry alone, that nobody ask him questions or badger him to tell the story of what had happened in the maze. Most people, he noticed, were skirting him in the corridors, avoiding his eyes. Some whispered behind their hands as he passed.  He guessed that many of them had believed Rita Skeeter's article about how disturbed and possibly dangerous he was. Perhaps they were formulating their own theories about how Cedric had died. He found he didn't care very much. He liked it best when he was with Ron and Hermione and they were talking about other things, or else letting him sit in silence while they played chess. He felt as though all three of them had reached an understanding they didn't need to put into words	 that each was waiting for some sign, some word, of what was going on outside Hogwarts - and that it was useless to speculate  about what might be coming until they knew anything for certain. The only time they touched upon the subject was when Ron told Harry about a meeting Mrs. Weasley had had with Dumbledore before going home.  She went to ask him if you could come straight to us this summer, he said. But he wants you to go back to the Dursleys, at least at first.  Why? said Harry.  She said Dumbledore's got his reasons, said Ron, shaking his head darkly. I suppose we've got to trust him, haven't we?  The only person apart from Ron and Hermione that Harry felt able to talk to was Hagrid.  As there was no longer a Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, they had those lessons free. They used the one on Thursday afternoon to go down and visit Hagrid in his cabin.  It was a bright and sunny day	 Fang bounded out of the open door as they approached, barking and wagging his tail madly.  Who's that? called Hagrid, coming to the door. Harry!  He strode out to meet them, pulled Harry into a one-armed hug, ruffled his hair, and said, Good ter see yeh, mate. Good ter see yeh.  They saw two bucket-size cups and saucers on the wooden table in front of the fireplace when they entered Hagrid's cabin.  Bin havin' a cuppa with Olympe, Hagrid said. She's jus' left.  Who? said Ron curiously.  Madame Maxime, o' course! said Hagrid.  You two made up, have you? said Ron.  Dunno what yeh're talkin' about, said Hagrid airily, fetching more cups from the dresser. When he had made tea and offered around a plate of doughy cookies, he leaned back in his chair and surveyed Harry closely through his beetle-black eyes.  You all righ'? he said gruffly Yeah, said Harry.  No, yeh're not, said Hagrid. Course yeh're not. But yeh will be.  Harry said nothing.  Knew he was goin' ter come back, said Hagrid, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked up at him, shocked. Known it fer years. Harry. Knew he was out there, bidin' his time. It had ter happen. Well, now it has, an' we'll jus' have ter get on with it. We'll fight.  Migh' be able ter stop him before he gets a good hold. That's Dumbledores plan, anyway.  Great man, Dumbledore. 'S long as we've got him, I'm not too worried.  Hagrid raised his bushy eyebrows at the disbelieving expressions on their faces.  No good sittin' worryin' abou' it, he said. What's comin' will come, an we'll meet it when it does. Dumbledore told me wha' you did. Harry.  Hagrid's chest swelled as he looked at Harry.  Yeh did as much as yer father would've done, an' I can' give yeh no higher praise than that.  Harry smiled back at him. It was the first time he'd smiled in days. What's Dumbledore asked you to do, Hagrid? he asked. He sent Professor McGonagall to ask you and Madame Maxime to meet him - that night.  Got a little job fer me over the summer, said Hagrid. Secret, though. I'm not s'pposed ter talk abou' it, no, not even ter you lot. Olympe - Madame Maxime ter you -might be comin' with me. I think she will. Think I got her persuaded.  Is it to do with Voldemort?  Hagrid flinched at the sound of the name.  Migh' be, he said evasively. Now . . . who'd like ter come an' visit the las' skrewt with me? I was jokin' - jokin'! he added hastily, seeing the looks on their faces.  It was with a heavy heart that Harry packed his trunk up in the dormitory on the night before his return to Privet Drive. He was dreading the Leaving Feast, which was usually a cause for celebration, when the winner of the Inter-House Championship would be announced. He had avoided being in the Great Hall when it was full ever since he had left the hospital wing, preferring to eat when it was nearly empty to avoid the stares of his fellow students.  When he, Ron, and Hermione entered the Hall, they saw at once that the usual decorations were missing. The Great Hall was normally decorated with the winning House's colors for the Leaving Feast. Tonight, however, there were black drapes on the wall behind the teachers' table. Harry knew instantly that they were there as a mark of respect to  Cedric.  The real Mad-Eye Moody was at the staff table now, his wooden leg and his magical eye back in place. He was extremely twitchy, jumping every time someone spoke to him. Harry couldn't blame him	 Moodys fear of attack was bound to have been increased by his ten-month imprisonment in his own trunk. Professor Karkaroff s chair was empty. Harry wondered, as he sat down with the other Gryffindors, where Karkaroff was now, and whether Voldemort had caught up with him.  Madame Maxime was still there. She was sitting next to Hagrid. They were talking quietly together. Further along the table, sitting next to Professor McGonagall, was Snape. His eyes lingered on Harry for a moment as Harry looked at him. His expression was difficult to read. He looked as sour and unpleasant as ever. Harry continued to watch him, long after Snape had looked away.  What was it that Snape had done on Dumbledores orders, the night that Voldemort had returned? And why. . . why . . . was Dumbledore so convinced that Snape was truly on their side? He had been their spy, Dumbledore had said so in the Pensieve. Snape had turned spy against Voldemort, at great personal risk. Was that the job he had taken up again? Had he made contact with the Death Eaters, perhaps? Pretended that he had never really gone over to Dumbledore, that he had been, like Voldemort himself, biding his time?  Harry's musings were ended by Professor Dumbledore, who stood up at the staff table. The Great Hall, which in any case had been less noisy than it usually was at the Leaving Feast, became very quiet.  The end, said Dumbledore, looking around at them all, of another year.  He paused, and his eyes fell upon the Hufflepuff table. Theirs had been the most subdued table before he had gotten to his feet, and theirs were still the saddest and palest faces in the Hall.  There is much that I would like to say to you all tonight, said Dumbledore, but I must first acknowledge the loss of a very fine person, who should be sitting here, he gestured toward the Hufflepuffs, enjoying our feast with us. I would like you all, please, to stand, and raise your glasses, to Cedric Diggory.  They did it, all of them	 the benches scraped as everyone in the Hall stood, and raised their goblets, and echoed, in one loud, low, rumbling voice, Cedric Diggory.  Harry caught a glimpse of Cho through the crowd. There were tears pouring silently down her face. He looked down at the table as they all sat down again.  Cedric was a person who exemplified many of the qualities that distinguish Hufflepuff house, Dumbledore continued. He was a good and loyal friend, a hard worker, he valued fair play. His death has affected you all, whether you knew him well or not. I think that you have the right, therefore, to know exactly how it came about.  Harry raised his head and stared at Dumbledore.  Cedric Diggory was murdered by Lord Voldemort.  A panicked whisper swept the Great Hall. People were staring at Dumbledore in disbelief, in horror. He looked perfectly calm as he watched them mutter themselves into silence.  The Ministry of Magic, Dumbledore continued, does not wish me to tell you this. It is possible that some of your parents will be horrified that I have done so - either because they will not believe that Lord Voldemort has returned, or because they think I should not tell you so, young as you are. It is my belief, however, that the truth is generally preferable to lies, and that any attempt to pretend that Cedric died as the result of an accident, or some sort of blunder of his own, is an insult to his memory.  Stunned and frightened, every face in the Hall was turned toward Dumbledore now... or almost every face. Over at the Slytherin table. Harry saw Draco Malfoy muttering something to Crabbe and Goyle. Harry felt a hot, sick swoop of anger in his stomach. He forced himself to look back at Dumbledore.  There is somebody else who must be mentioned in connection with Cedrics death,  Dumbledore went on. I am talking, of course, about Harry Potter.  A kind of ripple crossed the Great Hall as a few heads turned in Harry's direction before flicking back to face Dumbledore.  Harry Potter managed to escape Lord Voldemort, said Dumbledore. He risked his own life to return Cedric's body to Hogwarts. He showed, in every respect, the sort of bravery that few wizards have ever shown in facing Lord Voldemort, and for this, I honor him.  Dumbledore turned gravely to Harry and raised his goblet once more. Nearly everyone in  the Great Hall followed suit. They murmured his name, as they had murmured Cedric's, and drank to him. But through a gap in the standing figures. Harry saw that Malfoy, Crabbe, Goyle, and many of the other Slytherins had remained defiantly in their seats, their goblets untouched. Dumbledore, who after all possessed no magical eye, did not see them.  When everyone had once again resumed their seats, Dumbledore continued, The Triwizard Tournament's aim was to further and promote magical understanding. In the light of what has happened - of Lord Voldemorts return - such ties are more important than ever before.  Dumbledore looked from Madame Maxime and Hagrid, to Fleur Delacour and her fellow Beauxbatons students, to Viktor Krum and the Durmstrangs at the Slytherin table. Krum, Harry saw, looked wary, almost frightened, as though he expected Dumbledore to say something harsh.  Every guest in this Hall, said Dumbledore, and his eyes lingered upon the Durmstrang students, will be welcomed back here at any time, should they wish to come. I say to you all, once again - in the light of Lord Voldemort's return, we are only as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided. Lord Voldemorts gift for spreading discord and enmity is very great. We can fight it only by showing an equally strong bond of friendship and trust. Differences of habit and language are nothing at all if our aims are identical and our hearts are open.  It is my belief- and never have I so hoped that I am mistaken - that we are all facing dark and difficult times. Some of you in this Hall have already suffered directly at the hands of Lord Voldemort. Many of your families have been torn asunder. A week ago, a student was taken from our midst.  Remember Cedric. Remember, if the time should come when you have to make a choice between what is right and what is easy, remember what happened to a boy who was good, and kind, and brave, because he strayed across the path of Lord Voldemort. Remember Cedric Diggory.  Harry's trunk was packed	 Hedwig was back in her cage on top of it. He, Ron, and Hermione were waiting in the crowded entrance hall with the rest of the fourth years for the carriages that would take them back to Hogsmeade station. It was another beautiful summer's day. He supposed that Privet Drive would be hot and leafy, its flower beds a riot of color, when he arrived there that evening. The thought gave him no pleasure at all.  'Arry!  He looked around. Fleur Delacour was hurrying up the stone steps into the castle. Beyond her, far across the grounds. Harry could see Hagrid helping Madame Maxime to back two of the giant horses into their harness. The Beauxbatons carriage was about to take off.  We will see each uzzer again, I 'ope, said Fleur as she reached him, holding out her hand. I am 'oping to get a job 'ere, to improve my Eenglish.  It's very good already, said Ron in a strangled sort of voice. Fleur smiled at him	 Hermione scowled.  Good-bye, 'Arry, said Fleur, turning to go. It 'az been a pleasure meeting you!  Harrys spirits couldn't help but lift slightly as he watched Fleur hurry back across the lawns to Madame Maxime, her silvery hair rippling in the sunlight.  Wonder how the Durmstrang students are getting back, said Ron. D' you reckon they can steer that ship without Karkaroff?  Karkaroff did not steer, said a gruff voice. He stayed in his cabin and let us do the vork.  Krum had come to say good-bye to Hermione. Could I have a vord? he asked her.  Oh . . . yes ... all right, said Hermione, looking slightly flustered, and following Krum through the crowd and out of sight.  You'd better hurry up! Ron called loudly after her. The carriages'll be here in a minute!  He let Harry keep a watch for the carriages, however, and spent the next few minutes craning his neck over the crowd to try and see what Krum and Hermione might be up to.  They returned quite soon. Ron stared at Hermione, but her face was quite impassive.  I liked Diggory, said Krum abruptly to Harry. He vos alvays polite to me. Alvays.  Even though I vos from Durmstrang - with Karkaroff, he added, scowling.  Have you got a new headmaster yet? said Harry Krum shrugged. He held out his hand as Fleur had done, shook Harry's hand, and then Ron's. Ron looked as though he was suffering some sort of painful internal struggle.  Krum had already started walking away when Ron burst out, Can I have your autograph?  Hermione turned away, smiling at the horseless carriages that were now trundling toward them up the drive, as Krum, looking surprised but gratified, signed a fragment of parchment for Ron.  The weather could not have been more different on the journey back to King's Cross than it had been on their way to Hogwarts the previous September. There wasn't a single cloud in the sky. Harry, Ron, and Hermione had managed to get a compartment to themselves.  Pigwidgeon was once again hidden under Rons dress robes to stop him from hooting continually	 Hedwig was dozing, her head under her wing, and Crookshanks was curled up in a spare seat like a large, furry ginger cushion. Harry, Ron, and Hermione talked more fully and freely than they had all week as the train sped them southward. Harry felt as though Dumbledore's speech at the Leaving Feast had unblocked him, somehow. It was less painful to discuss what had happened now. They broke off their conversation about what action Dumbledore might be taking, even now, to stop Voldemort only when the lunch trolley arrived.  When Hermione returned from the trolley and put her money back into her schoolbag, she dislodged a copy of the Daily Prophet that she had been carrying in there. Harry looked at it, unsure whether he really wanted to know what it might say, but Hermione, seeing him looking at it, said calmly, There's nothing in there. You can look for yourself, but there's nothing at all. I've been checking every day. Just a small piece the day after the third task saying you won the tournament. They didn't even mention Cedric.  Nothing about any of it. If you ask me. Fudge is forcing them to keep quiet.  He'll never keep Rita quiet, said Harry. Not on a story like this.  Oh, Rita hasn't written anything at all since the third task, said Hermione in an oddly constrained voice. As a matter of fact, she added, her voice now trembling slightly, Rita Skeeter isn't going to be writing anything at all for a while. Not unless she wants me to spill the beans on her.  What are you talking about? said Ron.  I found out how she was listening in on private conversations when she wasn't supposed to be coming onto the grounds, said Hermione in a rush.  Harry had the impression that Hermione had been dying to tell them this for days, but that she had restrained herself in light of everything else that had happened.  How was she doing it? said Harry at once.  How did you find out? said Ron, staring at her.  Well, it was you, really, who gave me the idea. Harry, she said.  Did I? said Harry, perplexed. How?  Bugging, said Hermione happily.  But you said they didn't work -  Oh not electronic bugs, said Hermione. No, you see ... Rita Skeeter - Hermiones voice trembled with quiet triumph - is an unregistered Animagus. She can turn -  Hermione pulled a small sealed glass jar out other bag.  - into a beetle.  You're kidding, said Ron. You haven't.. . she's not...  Oh yes she is, said Hermione happily, brandishing the jar at them.  Inside were a few twigs and leaves and one large, fat beetle.  That's never - you're kidding - Ron whispered, lifting the jar to his eyes.  No, I'm not, said Hermione, beaming. I caught her on the windowsill in the hospital wing. Look very closely, and you'll notice the markings around her antennae are exactly like those foul glasses she wears.  Harry looked and saw that she was quite right. He also remembered something.  There was a beetle on the statue the night we heard Hagrid telling Madame Maxime about his mum!  Exactly, said Hermione. And Viktor pulled a beetle out of my hair after we'd had our conversation by the lake. And unless I'm very much mistaken, Rita was perched on the windowsill of the Divination class the day your scar hurt. She's been buzzing around for stories all year.  When we saw Malfoy under that tree ... said Ron slowly.  He was talking to her, in his hand, said Hermione. He knew, of course. That's how she's been getting all those nice little interviews with the Slytherins. They wouldn't care that she was doing something illegal, as long as they were giving her horrible stuff  about us and Hagrid.  Hermione took the glass jar back from Ron and smiled at the beetle, which buzzed angrily against the glass.  I've told her I'll let her out when we get back to London, said Hermione. I've put an Unbreakable Charm on the jar, you see, so she can't transform. And I've told her she's to keep her quill to herself for a whole year. See if she can't break the habit of writing horrible lies about people.  Smiling serenely, Hermione placed the beetle back inside her schoolbag.  The door of the compartment slid open.  Very clever. Granger, said Draco Malfoy.  Crabbe and Goyle were standing behind him. All three of them looked more pleased with themselves, more arrogant and more menacing, than Harry had ever seen them.  So, said Malfoy slowly, advancing slightly into the compartment and looking slowly around at them, a smirk quivering on his lips. You caught some pathetic reporter, and Potter's Dumbledore's favorite boy again. Big deal.  His smirk widened. Crabbe and Goyle leered.  Trying not to think about it, are we? said Malfoy softly, looking around at all three of them. Trying to pretend it hasn't happened?  Get out, said Harry.  He had not been this close to Malfoy since he had watched him muttering to Crabbe and Goyle during Dumbledores speech about Cedric. He could feel a kind of ringing in his ears. His hand gripped his wand under his robes.  You've picked the losing side, Potter! I warned you! I told you you ought to choose your company more carefully, remember? When we met on the train, first day at Hogwarts?  I told you not to hang around with riffraff like this! He jerked his head at Ron and Hermione. Too late now. Potter! They'll be the first to go, now the Dark Lord's back!  Mudbloods and Muggle-lovers first! Well - second - Diggory was the f-  It was as though someone had exploded a box of fireworks within the compartment. Blinded by the blaze of the spells that had blasted from every direction, deafened by a series of bangs, Harry blinked and looked down at the floor.  Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle were all lying unconscious in the doorway. He, Ron, and Hermione were on their feet, all three of them having used a different hex. Nor were they the only ones to have done so.  Thought we'd see what those three were up to, said Fred matter-of-factly, stepping onto Goyle and into the compartment. He had his wand out, and so did George, who was careful to tread on Malfoy as he followed Fred inside.  Interesting effect, said George, looking down at Crabbe. Who used the Furnunculus Curse?  Me, said Harry.  Odd, said George lightly. I used Jelly-Legs. Looks as though those two shouldn't be mixed. He seems to have sprouted little tentacles all over his face. Well, let's not leave them here, they don't add much to the decor.  Ron, Harry, and George kicked, rolled, and pushed the unconscious Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle - each of whom looked distinctly the worse for the jumble of jinxes with which they had been hit - out into the corridor, then came back into the compartment and rolled the door shut.  Exploding Snap, anyone? said Fred, pulling out a pack of cards.  They were halfway through their fifth game when Harry decided to ask them.  You going to tell us, then? he said to George. Who you were blackmailing?  Oh, said George darkly. That.  It doesn't matter, said Fred, shaking his head impatiently. It wasn't anything important. Not now, anyway.  We've given up, said George, shrugging.  But Harry, Ron, and Hermione kept on asking, and finally, Fred said, All right, all right, if you really want to know ... it was Ludo Bagman.  Bagman? said Harry sharply. Are you saying he was involved in -  Nah, said George gloomily. Nothing like that. Stupid git. He wouldn't have the brains.  Well, what, then? said Ron.  Fred hesitated, then said, You remember that bet we had with him at the Quidditch World Cup? About how Ireland would win, but Krum would get the Snitch?  Yeah, said Harry and Ron slowly.  Well, the git paid us in leprechaun gold he'd caught from the Irish mascots.  So?  So, said Fred impatiently, it vanished, didn't it? By next morning, it had gone!  But - it must've been an accident, mustn't it? said Hermione.  George laughed very bitterly.  Yeah, that's what we thought, at first. We thought if we just wrote to him, and told him he'd made a mistake, he'd cough up. But nothing doing. Ignored our letter. We kept trying to talk to him about it at Hogwarts, but he was always making some excuse to get away from us.  In the end, he turned pretty nasty, said Fred. Told us we were too young to gamble, and he wasn't giving us anything.  So we asked for our money back, said George glowering.  He didn't refuse! gasped Hermione.  Right in one, said Fred.  But that was all your savings! said Ron.  Tell me about it, said George. 'Course, we found out what was going on in the end.  Lee Jordan's dad had had a bit of trouble getting money off Bagman as well. Turns out he's in big trouble with the goblins. Borrowed loads of gold off them. A gang of them cornered him in the woods after the World Cup and took all the gold he had, and it still wasn't enough to cover all his debts. They followed him all the way to Hogwarts to keep an eye on him. He's lost everything gambling. Hasn't got two Galleons to rub together.  And you know how the idiot tried to pay the goblins back?  How? said Harry.  He put a bet on you, mate, said Fred. Put a big bet on you to win the tournament. Bet against the goblins.  So that's why he kept trying to help me win! said Harry. Well - I did win, didn't I?  So he can pay you your gold!  Nope, said George, shaking his head. The goblins play as dirty as him. They say you drew with Diggory, and Bagman was betting you'd win outright. So Bagman had to run for it. He did run for it right after the third task.  George sighed deeply and started dealing out the cards again.  The rest of the journey passed pleasantly enough	 Harry wished it could have gone on all summer, in fact, and that he would never arrive at King's Cross . . . but as he had learned the hard way that year, time will not slow down when something unpleasant lies ahead, and all too soon, the Hogwarts Express was pulling in at platform nine and three-quarters. The usual confusion and noise filled the corridors as the students began to disembark. Ron and Hermione struggled out past Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, carrying their trunks. Harry, however, stayed put.  Fred - George - wait a moment.  The twins turned. Harry pulled open his trunk and drew out his Triwizard winnings.  Take it, he said, and he thrust the sack into George's hands.  What? said Fred, looking flabbergasted.  Take it, Harry repeated firmly. I don't want it.  You're mental, said George, trying to push it back at Harry.  No, I'm not, said Harry. You take it, and get inventing. It's for the joke shop.  He is mental, Fred said in an almost awed voice.  Listen, said Harry firmly. If you don't take it, I'm throwing it down the drain. I don't want it and I don't need it. But I could do with a few laughs. We could all do with a few laughs. I've got a feeling we're going to need them more than usual before long.  Harry, said George weakly, weighing the money bag in his hands, there's got to be a thousand Galleons in here.  Yeah, said Harry, grinning. Think how many Canary Creams that is.  The twins stared at him.  Just don't tell your mum where you got it... although she might not be so keen for you to join the Ministry anymore, come to think of it. . . .  Harry, Fred began, but Harry pulled out his wand.  Look, he said flatly, take it, or I'll hex you. I know some good ones now. Just do me one favor, okay? Buy Ron some different dress robes and say they're from you.  He left the compartment before they could say another word, stepping over Malfoy, Crabbe,  and Goyle, who were still lying on the floor, covered in hex marks.  Uncle Vernon was waiting beyond the barrier. Mrs. Weasley was close by him. She hugged Harry very tightly when she saw him and whispered in his ear, I think Dumbledore will let you come to us later in the summer. Keep in touch, Harry.  See you. Harry, said Ron, clapping him on the back.  'Bye, Harry! said Hermione, and she did something she had never done before, and kissed him on the cheek.  Harry - thanks, George muttered, while Fred nodded fervently at his side.  Harry winked at them, turned to Uncle Vernon, and followed him silently from the station.  There was no point worrying yet, he told himself, as he got into the back of the Dursleys' car.  As Hagrid had said, what would come, would come ... and he would have to meet it when it did.,95,Goblet of Fire,37				
Order of the Phoenix=Dudley Demented The hottest day of the summer so far was drawing to a close and a drowsy silence lay over the large, square houses of Privet Drive. Cars that were usually gleaming stood dusty in their drives and lawns that were once emerald green lay parched and yellowing - 'for the use of hosepipes had been banned due to drought. Deprived of their usual car-washing and lawn-mowing pursuits, the inhabitants of Privet Drive had retreated into the shade of their cool houses, windows thrown wide in the hope of tempting in a nonexistent breeze. The only person left outdoors was a teenage boy who was lying flat on his back in a flowerbed outside number four.  He was a skinny, black-haired, bespectacled boy who had the pinched, slightly unhealthy look of someone who has grown a lot in a short space of time. His jeans were torn and dirty, his T-shirt baggy and faded, and the soles of his trainers were peeling away from the uppers. Harry Potters appearance did not endear him to the neighbours, who were the sort of people who thought scruffiness ought to be punishable by law, but as he had hidden himself behind a large hydrangea bush this evening he was quite invisible to passers-by. In fact, the only way he would be spotted was if his Uncle Vernon or Aunt Petunia stuck their heads out of the living-room window and looked straight down into the flowerbed below.  On the whole, Harry thought he was to be congratulated on his idea of hiding here. He was not, perhaps, very comfortable lying on the hot, hard earth but, on the other hand, nobody was glaring at him, grinding their teeth so loudly that he could not hear the news, or shooting nasty questions at him, as had happened every time he had tried sitting down in the living room to watch television with his aunt and uncle.  Almost as though this thought had fluttered through the open window, Vernon Dursley, Harry's uncle, suddenly spoke.  'Glad to see the boy's stopped trying to butt in. Where is he, anyway?'  'I don't know,' said Aunt Petunia, unconcerned. 'Not in the house.'  Uncle Vernon grunted.  'Watching the news . . .' he said scathingly. 'I'd like to know what he's really up to. As if a normal boy cares what's on the news - 'Dudley hasn't got a clue what's going on	 doubt he knows who the Prime Minister is! Anyway, it's not as if there'd be anything about his lot on our news - '  'Vernon, shh!' said Aunt Petunia. The window's open!'  'Oh - yes - sorry, dear.'  The Dursleys fell silent. Harry listened to a jingle about Fruit 'n' Bran breakfast cereal while he watched Mrs Figg, a batty cat-loving old lady from nearby Wisteria Walk, amble slowly past. She was frowning and muttering to herself. Harry was very pleased he was concealed behind the bush, as Mrs Figg had recently taken to asking him round for tea whenever she met him in the street. She had rounded the corner and vanished from view before Uncle Vernon's voice floated out of the window again.  'Dudders out for tea?'  'At the Polkisses',' said Aunt Petunia fondly. 'He's got so many little friends, he's so popular . . .'  Harry suppressed a snort with difficulty. The Dursleys really were astonishingly stupid about their son, Dudley. They had swallowed all his dim-witted lies about having tea with a different member of his gang every night of the summer holidays. Harry knew perfectly well that Dudley had not been to tea anywhere	 he and his gang spent every evening vandalising the play park, smoking on street corners and throwing stones at passing cars and children. Harry had seen them at it during his evening walks around Little Whinging	 he had spent most of the holidays wandering the streets, scavenging newspapers from bins along the way.  The opening notes of the music that heralded the seven o'clock news reached Harry's ears and his stomach turned over. Perhaps tonight - after a month of waiting - would be the night.  'Record numbers of stranded holidaymakers fill airports as the Spanish baggage-handlers' strike reaches its second week - '  'Give 'em a lifelong siesta, I would,' snarled Uncle Vernon over the end of the newsreaders sentence, but no matter: outside in the flowerbed, Harry's stomach seemed to unclench. If anything had happened, it would surely have been the first item on the news	 death and destruction were more important than stranded holidaymakers.  He let out a long, slow breath and stared up at the brilliant blue sky. Every day this summer had been the same: the tension, the expectation, the temporary relief, and then mounting tension again . . . and always, growing more insistent all the time, the question of why nothing had happened yet.  He kept listening, just in case there was some small clue, not recognised for what it really was by the Muggles - an unexplained disappearance, perhaps, or some strange accident . . . but the baggage-handlers' strike was followed by news about the drought in the Southeast ('I hope he's listening next door!' bellowed Uncle Vernon. 'Him with his sprinklers on at three in the morning!'), then a helicopter that had almost crashed in a field in Surrey, then a famous actress's divorce from her famous husband ('As if we're interested in their sordid affairs,' sniffed Aunt Petunia, who had followed the case obsessively in every magazine she could lay her bony hands on).  Harry closed his eyes against the now blazing evening sky as the newsreader said, '- and finally, Bungy the budgie has found a novel way of keeping cool this summer. Bungy, who lives at the Five Feathers in Barnsley, has learned to water ski! Mary Dorkins went to find out more.'  Harry opened his eyes. If they had reached water-skiing budgerigars, there would be nothing else worth hearing. He rolled cautiously on to his front and raised himself on to his knees and elbows, preparing to crawl out from under the window.  He had moved about two inches when several things happened in very quick succession.  A loud, echoing crack broke the sleepy silence like a gunshot	 a cat streaked out from under a parked car and flew out of sight	 a shriek, a bellowed oath and the sound of breaking china came from the Dursleys' living room, and as though this was the signal Harry had been waiting for he jumped to his feet, at the same time pulling from the waistband of his jeans a thin wooden wand as if he were unsheathing a sword - but before he could draw himself up to full height, the top of his head collided with the Dursleys' open window. The resultant crash made Aunt Petunia scream even louder.  Harry felt as though his head had been split in two. Eyes streaming, he swayed, trying to focus on the street to spot the source of the noise, but he had barely staggered upright when two large purple hands reached through the open window and closed tightly around his throat.  'Put - it - away!' Uncle Vernon snarled into Harry's ear. 'Now! Before - anyone - sees!'  'Get - off - me!' Harry gasped. For a few seconds they struggled, Harry pulling at his uncle's sausage-like fingers with his left hand, his right maintaining a firm grip on his raised wand	 then, as the pain in the top of Harry's head gave a particularly nasty throb, Uncle Vernon yelped and released Harry as though he had received an electric shock. Some invisible force seemed to have surged through his nephew, making him impossible to hold.  Panting, Harry fell forwards over the hydrangea bush, straightened up and stared around. There was no sign of what had caused the loud cracking noise, but there were several faces peering through various nearby windows. Harry stuffed his wand hastily back into his jeans and tried to look innocent.  'Lovely evening!' shouted Uncle Vernon, waving at Mrs Number Seven opposite, who was glaring from behind her net curtains. 'Did you hear that car backfire just now? Gave Petunia and me quite a turn!'  He continued to grin in a horrible, manic way until all the curious neighbours had disappeared from their various windows, then the grin became a grimace of rage as he beckoned Harry back towards him.  Harry moved a few steps closer, taking care to stop just short of the point at which Uncle Vernon's outstretched hands could resume their strangling.  'What the devil do you mean by it, boy?' asked Uncle Vernon in a croaky voice that trembled with fury.  'What do I mean by what?' said Harry coldly. He kept looking left and right up the street, still hoping to see the person who had made the cracking noise.  'Making a racket like a starting pistol right outside our - '  'I didn't make that noise,' said Harry firmly.  Aunt Petunia's thin, horsy face now appeared beside Uncle Vernon's wide, purple one. She looked livid.  'Why were you lurking under our window?'  'Yes - yes, good point, Petunia! What were you doing under our window, boy?'  'Listening to the news,' said Harry in a resigned voice.  His aunt and uncle exchanged looks of outrage.  'Listening to the news! Again?'  'Well, it changes every day, you see,' said Harry.  'Don't you be clever with me, boy! I want to know what you're really up to - and don't give me any more of this listening to the news tosh! You know perfectly well that your lot - '  'Careful, Vernon!' breathed Aunt Petunia, and Uncle Vernon lowered his voice so that Harry could barely hear him,' - that your lot don't get on our news!'  That's all you know,' said Harry.  The Dursleys goggled at him for a few seconds, then Aunt Petunia said, 'You're a nasty little liar. What are all those - ' she, too, lowered her voice so that Harry had to lip-read the next word, ' - owls doing if they're not bringing you news?'  'Aha!' said Uncle Vernon in a triumphant whisper. 'Get out of that one, boy! As if we didn't know you get all your news from those pestilential birds!'  Harry hesitated for a moment. It cost him something to tell the truth this time, even though his aunt and uncle could not possibly know how bad he felt at admitting it.  'The owls . . . aren't bringing me news,' he said tonelessly.  'I don't believe it,' said Aunt Petunia at once.  'No more do I,' said Uncle Vernon forcefully.  'We know you're up to something funny' said Aunt Petunia.  'We're not stupid, you know,' said Uncle Vernon.  'Well, that's news to me,' said Harry, his temper rising, and before the Dursleys could call him back, he had wheeled about, crossed the front lawn, stepped over the low garden wall and was striding off up the street.  He was in trouble now and he knew it. He would have to face his aunt and uncle later and pay the price for his rudeness, but he: did not care very much just at the moment	 he had much more pressing matters on his mind.  Harry was sure the cracking noise had been made by someone Apparating or Disapparating. It was exactly the sound Dobby the house-elf made when he vanished into thin air. Was it possible that Dobby was here in Privet Drive? Could Dobby be following him right at this very moment? As this thought occurred he wheeled around and stared back down Privet Drive, but it appeared to be completely deserted and Harry was sure that Dobby did not know how to become invisible.  He walked on, hardly aware of the route he was taking, for he had pounded these streets so often lately that his feet carried him to his favourite haunts automatically. Every few steps he glanced back over his shoulder. Someone magical had been near him as he lay among Aunt Petunia's dying begonias, he was sure of it. Why hadn't they spoken to him, why hadn't they made contact, why were they hiding now?  And then, as his feeling of frustration peaked, his certainty leaked away.  Perhaps it hadn't been a magical sound after all. Perhaps he was so desperate for the tiniest sign of contact from the world to which he belonged that he was simply overreacting to perfectly ordinary noises. Could he be sure it hadn't been the sound of something breaking inside a neighbour's house?  Harry felt a dull, sinking sensation in his stomach and before he knew it the feeling of hopelessness that had plagued him all summer rolled over him once again.  Tomorrow morning he would be woken by the alarm at five o'clock so he could pay the owl that delivered the Daily Prophet - but was there any point continuing to take it? Harry merely glanced at the front page before throwing it aside these days	 when the idiots who ran the paper finally realised that Voldemort was back it would be headline news, and that was the only kind Harry cared about.  If he was lucky, there would also be owls carrying letters from his best friends Ron and Hermione, though any expectation he'd had that their letters would bring him news had long since been dashed.  We can't say much about you-know-what, obviously . . . We've been told not to say anything important in case our letters go astray . . . We're quite busy but I can't give you details here . . . There's a fair amount going on, we'll tell you everything when we see you . . .  But when were they going to see him? Nobody seemed too bothered with a precise date. Hermione had scribbled I expect we'll be seeing you quite soon inside his birthday card, but how soon was soon? As far as Harry could tell from the vague hints in their letters, Hermione and Ron were in the same place, presumably at Ron's parents' house. He could hardly bear to think of the pair of them having fun at The Burrow when he was stuck in Privet Drive. In fact, he was so angry with them he had thrown away, unopened, the two boxes of Honeydukes chocolates they'd sent him for his birthday. He'd regretted it later, after the wilted salad Aunt Petunia had provided for dinner that night.  And what were Ron and Hermione busy with? Why wasn't he, Harry, busy? Hadn't he proved himself capable of handling much more than them? Had they all forgotten what he had done? Hadn't it been he who had entered that graveyard and watched Cedric being murdered, and been tied to that tombstone and nearly killed?  Don't think about that, Harry told himself sternly for the hundredth time that summer. It was bad enough that he kept revisiting the graveyard in his nightmares, without dwelling on it in his waking moments too.  He turned a corner into Magnolia Crescent	 halfway along he passed the narrow alleyway down the side of a garage where he had first clapped eyes on his godfather. Sirius, at least, seemed to understand how Harry was feeling. Admittedly, his letters were just as empty of proper news as Ron and Hermione's, but at least they contained words of caution and consolation instead of tantalising hints: I know this must be frustrating for you . . . Keep your nose clean and everything will be OK . . .Be careful and don't do anything rash . . .  Well, thought Harry, as he crossed Magnolia Crescent, turned into Magnolia Road and headed towards the darkening play park, he had (by and large) done as Sirius advised. He had at least resisted the temptation to tie his trunk to his broomstick and set off for The Burrow by himself. In fact, Harry thought his behaviour had been very good considering how frustrated and angry he felt at being stuck in Privet Drive so long, reduced to hiding in flowerbeds in the hope of hearing something that might point to what Lord Voldemort was doing. Nevertheless, it was quite galling to be told not to be rash by a man who had served twelve years in the wizard prison, Azkaban, escaped, attempted to commit the murder he had been convicted for in the first place, then gone on the run with a stolen Hippogriff.  Harry vaulted over the locked park gate and set off across the parched grass. The park was as empty as the surrounding streets. When he reached the swings he sank on to the only one that Dudley and his friends had not yet managed to break, coiled one arm around the chain and stared moodily at the ground. He would not be able to hide in the Dursleys' flowerbed again. Tomorrow, he would have to think of some fresh way of listening to the news. In the meantime, he had nothing to look forward to but another restless, disturbed night, because even when he escaped the nightmares about Cedric he had unsettling dreams about long dark corridors, all finishing in dead ends and locked doors, which he supposed had something to do with the trapped feeling he had when he was awake. Often the old scar on his forehead prickled uncomfortably, but he did not fool himself that Ron or Hermione or Sirius would find that very interesting any more. In the past, his scar hurting had warned that Voldemort was getting stronger again, but now that Voldemort was back they would probably remind him that its regular irritation was only to be expected . . . nothing to worry about . . . old news . . .  The injustice of it all welled up inside him so that he wanted to yell with fury. If it hadn't been for him, nobody would even have known Voldemort was back! And. his reward was to be stuck in Little Whinging for four solid weeks, completely cut off from the magical world, reduced to squatting among dying begonias so hat he could hear about water-skiing budgerigars! How could Dumbledore have forgotten him so easily? Why had Ron and Hermione got together without inviting him along, too? How much longer was he supposed to endure Sirius telling him to sit tight and be a good boy	 or resist the temptation to write to the stupid Daily Prophet and point out that Voldemort had returned? These curious thoughts whirled around in Harry's head, and his insides writhed with anger as a sultry, velvety night fell around him, the air full of the smell of warm, dry grass, and the only sound that of the low grumble of traffic on the road beyond the park railings. He did not know how long he had sat on the swing before the sound of voices interrupted his musings and he looked up. The streetlamps from the surrounding roads were casting a misty glow strong enough to silhouette a group of people making their way across the park. One of them was singing a loud, crude song. The others were laughing. A soft ticking noise came from several expensive racing bikes that they were wheeling along.  Harry knew who those people were. The figure in front was unmistakeably his cousin, Dudley Dursley wending his way home, accompanied by his faithful gang.  Dudley was as vast as ever, but a year's hard dieting and the discovery of a new talent had wrought quite a change in his physique. As Uncle Vernon delightedly told anyone who would listen, Dudley had recently become the Junior Heavyweight Inter-school Boxing Champion of the Southeast. 'The noble sport', as Uncle Vernon called it, had made Dudley even more formidable than he had seemed to Harry in their primary school days when he had served as Dudley's first punchball. Harry was not remotely afraid of his cousin any more but he still didn't think that Dudley earning to punch harder and more accurately was cause for celebration. Neighbourhood children all around were terrified of him - even more terrified than they were of 'that Potter boy' who, they lad been warned, was a hardened hooligan and attended St Brutus's secure Centre for Incurably Criminal Boys.  Harry watched the dark figures crossing the grass and wondered who they had been beating up tonight. Look round, Harry found himself thinking as he watched them. Come on . . . look round . . . I'm sitting here all alone . . . come and have a go . . .  If Dudley's friends saw him sitting here, they would be sure to make a beeline for him, and what would Dudley do then? He wouldn't want to lose face in front of the gang, but he'd be terrified of provoking Harry . . . it would be really fun to watch Dudley's dilemma, to taunt him, watch him, with him powerless to respond . . . and if any of the others tried hitting Harry, he was ready - he had his wand. Let them try . . . he'd love to vent some of his frustration on the boys who had once made his life hell.  But they didn't turn around, they didn't see him, they were almost at the railings. Harry mastered the impulse to call after them . . . seeking a fight was not a smart move . . . he must not use magic he would be risking expulsion again.  The voices of Dudley's gang died away	 they were out of sight, heading along Magnolia Road.  There you go, Sirius, Harry thought dully. Nothing rash. Kept my nose clean. Exactly the opposite of what you'd have done.  He got to his feet and stretched. Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon seemed to feel that whenever Dudley turned up was the right time to be home, and any time after that was much too late. Uncle Vernon had threatened to lock Harry in the shed if he came home alter Dudley ever again, so, stifling a yawn, and still scowling, Harry set off towards the park gate.  Magnolia Road, like Privet Drive, was full of large, square houses with perfectly manicured lawns, all owned by large, square owners who drove very clean cars similar to Uncle Vernon's. Harry preferred Little Whinging by night, when the curtained windows made patches of jewel-bright colour in the darkness and he ran no danger of hearing disapproving mutters about his 'delinquent' appearance when he passed the householders. He walked quickly, so that halfway along Magnolia Road Dudley's gang came into view again	 they were saying their farewells at the entrance to Magnolia Crescent. Harry stepped into the shadow of a large lilac tree and waited.  '. . . squealed like a pig, didn't he?' Malcolm was saying, to guffaws from the others.  'Nice right hook, Big D,' said Piers.  'Same time tomorrow?' said Dudley.  'Round at my place, my parents will be out,' said Gordon.  'See you then,' said Dudley.  'Bye, Dud!'  'See ya, Big D!'  Harry waited for the rest of the gang to move on before setting off again. When their voices had faded once more he headed around the corner into Magnolia Crescent and by walking very quickly he soon came within hailing distance of Dudley, who was strolling along at his ease, humming tunelessly.  'Hey, Big D!'  Dudley turned.  'Oh,' he grunted. 'It's you.'  'How long have you been Big D then?' said Harry.  'Shut it,' snarled Dudley, turning away.  'Cool name,' said Harry, grinning and falling into step beside is cousin. 'But you'll always be Ickle Diddykins to me.'  'I said, SHUT IT!' said Dudley, whose ham-like hands had curled into fists.  'Don't the boys know that's what your mum calls you?'  'Shut your face.'  'You don't tell her to shut her face. What about Popkin and Dinky Diddydums, can I use them then?'  Dudley said nothing. The effort of keeping himself from hitting Harry seemed to demand all his self-control.  'So who've you been beating up tonight?' Harry asked, his grin fading. 'Another ten-year-old? I know you did Mark Evans two nights ago - '  'He was asking for it,' snarled Dudley.  'Oh yeah?'  'He cheeked me.'  'Yeah? Did he say you look like a pig that's been taught to walk on its hind legs? 'Cause that's not cheek, Dud, that's true.'  A muscle was twitching in Dudley's jaw. It gave Harry enormous satisfaction to know how furious he was making Dudley
Order of the Phoenix= A Peck of Owls 'What?' said Harry blankly.  'He left!' said Mrs Figg, wringing her hands. 'Left to see someone about a batch of cauldrons that fell off the back of a broom! I told him I'd flay him alive if he went, and now look! Dementors! It's just lucky I put Mr Tibbles on the case! But we haven't got time to stand around! Hurry, now, we've got to get you back! Oh, the trouble this is going to cause! I will kill him!'  'But - ' The revelation that his batty old cat-obsessed neighbour knew what Dementors were was almost as big a shock to Harry as meeting two of them down the alleyway. 'You're - you're a witch?'  'I'm a Squib, as Mundungus knows full well, so how on earth was I supposed to help you fight off Dementors? He left you completely without cover when I'd warned him - '  This Mundungus has been following me? Hang on - it was him! He Disapparated from the front of my house!'  'Yes, yes, yes, but luckily I'd stationed Mr Tibbles under a car just in case, and Mr Tibbles came and warned me, but by the time I got to your house you'd gone - and now - oh, what's Dumbledore going to say? You!' she shrieked at Dudley, still supine on the alley floor. 'Get your fat bottom off the ground, quick!'  'You know Dumbledore?' said Harry, staring at her.  'Of course I know Dumbledore, who doesn't know Dumbledore? But come on - I'll be no help if they come back, I've never so much as Transfigured a teabag.'  She stooped down, seized one of Dudley's massive arms in her wizened hands and tugged.  'Get up, you useless lump, get up!'  But Dudley either could not or would not move. He remained on the ground, trembling and ashen-faced, his mouth shut very tight.  'I'll do it.' Harry took hold of Dudley's arm and heaved. With an enormous effort he managed to hoist him to his feet. Dudley seemed to be on the point of fainting. His small eyes were rolling in their sockets and sweat was beading his face	 the moment Harry let go of him he swayed dangerously.  'Hurry up!' said Mrs Figg hysterically.  Harry pulled one of Dudley's massive arms around his own shoulders and dragged him towards the road, sagging slightly under the weight. Mrs Figg tottered along in front of them, peering anxiously around the corner.  'Keep your wand out,' she told Harry, as they entered Wisteria Walk. 'Never mind the Statute of Secrecy now, there's going to be hell to pay anyway, we might as well be hanged for a dragon as an egg. Talk about the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery . . . this was exactly what Dumbledore was afraid of - What's that at the end of the street? Oh, it's just Mr Prentice . . . don't put your wand away, boy, don't I keep telling you I'm no use?'  It was not easy to hold a wand steady and haul Dudley along at the same time. Harry gave his cousin an impatient dig in the ribs, but Dudley seemed to have lost all desire for independent movement. He was slumped on Harry's shoulder, his large feet dragging along the ground.  'Why didn't you tell me you're a Squib, Mrs Figg?' asked Harry, panting with the effort to keep walking. 'All those times I came round your house - why didn't you say anything?'  'Dumbledore's orders. I was to keep an eye on you but not say anything, you were too young. I'm sorry I gave you such a miserable time, Harry, but the Dursleys would never have let you come if they'd thought you enjoyed it. It wasn't easy, you know . . . but oh my word,' she said tragically, wringing her hands once more, 'when Dumbledore hears about this - how could Mundungus have left, he was supposed to be on duty until midnight - where is he? How am I going to tell Dumbledore what's happened? I can't Apparate.'  'I've got an owl, you can borrow her.' Harry groaned, wondering whether his spine was going to snap under Dudley's weight.  'Harry, you don't understand! Dumbledore will need to act as quickly as possible, the Ministry have their own ways of detecting underage magic, they'll know already, you mark my words.'  'But I was getting rid of Dementors, I had to use magic - they're going to be more worried about what Dementors were doing floating around Wisteria Walk, surely?'  'Oh, my dear, I wish it were so, but I'm afraid - MUNDUNGUS FLETCHER, I AM GOING TO KILL YOU!'  There was a loud crack and a strong smell of drink mingled with stale tobacco filled the air as a squat, unshaven man in a tattered overcoat materialised right in front of them. He had short, bandy legs, long straggly ginger hair and bloodshot, baggy eyes that gave him the doleful look of a basset hound. He was also clutching a silvery bundle that Harry recognised at once as an Invisibility Cloak.  ' 'S'up, Figgy?' he said, staring from Mrs Figg to Harry and Dudley. 'What 'appened to staying undercover?'  'I'll give you undercover!' cried Mrs Figg. 'Dementors, you useless, skiving sneak thief!'  'Dementors?' repeated Mundungus, aghast. 'Dementors, 'ere?'  'Yes, here, you worthless pile of bat droppings, here!' shrieked Mrs Figg. 'Dementors attacking the boy on your watch!'  'Blimey,' said Mundungus weakly, looking from Mrs Figg to Harry, and back again. 'Blimey, I - '  'And you off buying stolen cauldrons! Didn't I tell you not to go? Didn't I?'  'I - well, I -' Mundungus looked deeply uncomfortable. 'It - it was a very good business opportunity see - '  Mrs Figg raised the arm from which her string bag dangled and whacked Mundungus around the lace and neck with it	 judging by the clanking noise it made it was full of cat food.  'Ouch - gerroff - gerroff, you mad old bat! Someone's gotta tell Dumbledore!'  'Yes - they - have!' yelled Mrs Figg, swinging the bag of cat food at every bit of Mundungus she could reach. 'And - it - had - better - be - you - and - you - can - tell - him - why - you - weren't - there - to - help!'  'Keep your 'airnet on!' said Mundungus, his arms over his head, cowering. 'I'm going, I'm going!'  And with another loud crack, he vanished.  'I hope Dumbledore murders him!' said Mrs Figg furiously. 'Now come on, Harry, what are you waiting for?'  Harry decided not to waste his remaining breath on pointing out that he could barely walk under Dudley's bulk. He gave the semi-conscious Dudley a heave and staggered onwards.  'I'll take you to the door,' said Mrs Figg, as they turned into Privet Drive. 'Just in case there are more of them around . . . oh my word, what a catastrophe . . . and you had to fight them off yourself . . . and Dumbledore said we were to keep you from doing magic at all costs . . . well, it's no good crying over spilt potion, I suppose . . . but the cat's among the pixies now.'  'So,' Harry panted, 'Dumbledore's . . . been having . . . me followed?'  'Of course he has,' said Mrs Figg impatiently. 'Did you expect him to let you wander around on your own after what happened in June? Good Lord, boy, they told me you were intelligent . . . right . . . get inside and stay there,' she said, as they reached number four. 'I expect someone will be in touch with you soon enough.'  'What are you going to do?' asked Harry quickly.  'I'm going straight home,' said Mrs Figg, staring around the dark street and shuddering. 'I'll need to wait for more instructions. Just stay in the house. Goodnight.'  'Hang on, don't go yet! I want to know - '  But Mrs Figg had already set off at a trot, carpet slippers flopping, string bag clanking.  'Wait!' Harry shouted after her. He had a million questions to ask anyone who was in contact with Dumbledore	 but within seconds Mrs Figg was swallowed by the darkness. Scowling, Harry readjusted Dudley on his shoulder and made his slow, painful way up number four's garden path.  The hall light was on. Harry stuck his wand back inside the waistband of his jeans, rang the bell and watched Aunt Petunia's outline grow larger and larger, oddly distorted by the rippling glass in the front door.  'Diddy! About time too, I was getting quite - quite - Diddy, what's the matter?'  Harry looked sideways at Dudley and ducked out from under his arm just in time. Dudley swayed on the spot for a moment, his face pale green . . . then he opened his mouth and vomited all over the doormat.  'DIDDY! Diddy, what's the matter with you? Vernon? VERNON!'  Harry's uncle came galumphing out of the living room, walrus moustache blowing hither and thither as it always did when he was agitated. He hurried forwards to help Aunt Petunia negotiate a weak-kneed Dudley over the threshold while avoiding stepping in the pool of sick.  'He's ill, Vernon!'  'What is it, son? What's happened7 Did Mrs Polkiss give you something foreign for tea?'  'Why are you all covered in dirt, darling? Have you been lying on the ground?'  'Hang on - you haven't been mugged, have you, son?'  Aunt Petunia screamed.  'Phone the police, Vernon! Phone the police! Diddy, darling, speak to Mummy! What did they do to you?'  In all the kerfuffle nobody seemed to have noticed Harry, which suited him perfectly. He managed to slip inside just before Uncle Vernon slammed the door and, while the Dursleys made their noisy progress down the hall towards the kitchen, Harry moved carefully and quietly towards the stairs.  'Who did it, son? Give us names. We'll get them, don't worry.'  'Shh! He's trying to say something, Vernon! What is it, Diddy? Tell Mummy!'  Harry's foot was on the bottom-most stair when Dudley found his voice.  'Him.'  Harry froze, foot on the stair, face screwed up, braced for the explosion.  'BOY! COME HERE!'  With a feeling of mingled dread and anger, Harry removed his foot slowly from the stair and turned to follow the Dursleys.  The scrupulously clean kitchen had an oddly unreal glitter after the darkness outside. Aunt Petunia was ushering Dudley into a chair	 he was still very green and clammy-looking. Uncle Vernon was standing in front of the draining board, glaring at Harry through tiny, narrowed eyes.  'What have you done to my son?' he said in a menacing growl.  'Nothing,' said Harry, knowing perfectly well that Uncle Vernon wouldn't believe him.  'What did he do to you. Diddy?' Aunt Petunia said in a quavering voice, now sponging sick from the front of Dudley's leather jacket. 'Was it - was it you-know-what, darling? Did he use - his thing?'  Slowly, tremulously, Dudley nodded.  'I didn't!' Harry said sharply, as Aunt Petunia let out a wail and Uncle Vernon raised his fists. 'I didn't do anything to him, it wasn't me, it was - '  But at that precise moment a screech owl swooped in through the kitchen window. Narrowly missing the top of Uncle Vernon's head, it soared across the kitchen, dropped the large parchment envelope it was carrying in its beak at Harry's feet, turned gracefully, the tips of its wings just brushing the top of the fridge, then zoomed outside again and off across the garden.  'OWLS!' bellowed Uncle Vernon, the well-worn vein in his temple pulsing angrily as he slammed the kitchen window shut. 'OWLS AGAIN! I WILL NOT HAVE ANY MORE OWLS IN MY HOUSE!'  But Harry was already ripping open the envelope and pulling out the letter inside, his heart pounding somewhere in the region of his Adam's apple.Dear Mr Potter,We have received intelligence that you performed the Patronus Charm at twenty-three minutes past nine this evening in a Muggle-inhabited area and in the presence of a Muggle.  The severity of this breach of the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery has resulted in your expulsion from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Ministry representatives will be calling at your place of residence shortly to destroy your wand.  As you have already received an official warning for a previous offence under Section 13 of the International Confederation of Warlocks' Statute of Secrecy, we regret to inform you that your presence is required at a disciplinary hearing at the Ministry of Magic at 9 a.m. on the twelfth of August.  Hoping you are well,  Yours sincerely,  Mafalda Hopkirk  Improper Use of Magic Office  Ministry of MagicHarry read the letter through twice. He was only vaguely aware of Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia talking. Inside his head, all was icy and numb. One fact had penetrated his consciousness like a paralysing dart. He was expelled from Hogwarts. It was all over. He was never going back.  He looked up at the Dursleys. Uncle Vernon was purple-faced, shouting, his fists still raised	 Aunt Petunia had her arms around Dudley who was retching again.  Harry's temporarily stupefied brain seemed to reawaken. Ministry representatives will be calling at your place of residence shortly to destroy your wand. There was only one thing for it. He would have to run - now. Where he was going to go, Harry didn't know but he was certain of one thing: at Hogwarts or outside it, he needed his wand. In an almost dreamlike state, he pulled his wand out and turned to leave the kitchen.  'Where d'you think you're going?' yelled Uncle Venon. When Harry didn't reply, he pounded across the kitchen to block the doorway into the hall. 'I haven't finished with you, boy!'  'Get out of the way,' said Harry quietly.  'You're going to stay here and explain how my son - '  'If you don't get out of the way I'm going to jinx you,' said Harry, raising the wand.  'You can't pull that one on me!' snarled Uncle Vernon. 'I know  'You're not allowed to use it outside that madhouse you call a school!'  The madhouse has chucked me out,' said Harry. 'So I can do whatever I like. You've got three seconds. One - two - '  A resounding CRACK filled the kitchen. Aunt Petunia screamed, Uncle Vernon yelled and ducked, but for the third time that night Harry was searching for the source of a disturbance he had not made. He spotted it at once: a dazed and ruffled-looking barn owl was sitting outside on the kitchen sill, having just collided with the closed window.  Ignoring Uncle Vernon's anguished yell of 'OWLS!' Harry crossed the room at a run and wrenched the window open. The owl stuck out its leg, to which a small roll of parchment was tied, shook its feathers, and took off the moment Harry had taken the letter. Hands shaking, Harry unfurled the second message, which was written very hastily and blotchily in black ink.Harry -Dumbledore's just arrived at the Ministry and he's trying to sort it all out. DO NOT LEAVE YOUR AUNT AND UNCLE'S HOUSE. DO NOT DO ANY MORE MAGIC. DO NOT SURRENDER YOUR WAND.  Arthur WeasleyDumbledore was trying to sort it all out . . . what did that mean? how much power did Dumbledore have to override the Ministry of Magic? Was there a chance that he might be allowed back to Hogwarts, then? A small shoot of hope burgeoned in Harry's chest, almost immediately strangled by panic - how was he supposed to refuse to surrender his wand without doing magic? He'd have to duel with the Ministry representatives, and if he did that, he'd be lucky to escape Azkaban, let alone expulsion.  His mind was racing . . . he could run for it and risk being captured by the Ministry, or stay put and wait for them to find him here. He was much more tempted by the former course, but he mew Mr Weasley had his best interests at heart . . . and after all, Dumbledore had sorted out much worse than this before.  'Right,' Harry said, 'I've changed my mind, I'm staying.'  He flung himself down at the kitchen table and faced Dudley and Aunt Petunia. The Dursleys appeared taken aback at his abrupt change of mind. Aunt Petunia glanced despairingly at Uncle Vernon. The vein in his purple temple was throbbing worse than ever.  'Who are all these ruddy owls from?' he growled.  'The first one was from the Ministry of Magic, expelling me,' said Harry calmly. He was straining his ears to catch any noises outside, in case the Ministry representatives were approaching, and it was easier and quieter to answer Uncle Vernon's questions than to have him start raging and bellowing. The second one was from my friend Ron's dad, who works at the Ministry.'  'Ministry of Magic?' bellowed Uncle Vernon. 'People like you in government? Oh, this explains everything, everything, no wonder the country's going to the dogs.'  When Harry did not respond, Uncle Vernon glared at him, then spat out, 'And why have you been expelled?'  'Because I did magic.'  'AHA!' roared Uncle Vernon, slamming his fist down on top of the fridge, which sprang open	 several of Dudley's low-fat snacks toppled out and burst on the floor. 'So you admit it! What did you do to Dudley?'  'Nothing,' said Harry, slightly less calmly. That wasn't me - '  'Was,' muttered Dudley unexpectedly, and Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia instantly made flapping gestures at Harry to quieten him while they both bent low over Dudley.  'Go on, son,' said Uncle Vernon, 'what did he do?'  Tell us, darling,' whispered Aunt Petunia.  'Pointed his wand at me,' Dudley mumbled.  'Yeah, I did, but I didn't use - ' Harry began angrily, but - '  'SHUT UP!' roared Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia in unison.  'Go on, son,' repeated Uncle Vernon, moustache blowing about furiously.  'All went dark,' Dudley said hoarsely, shuddering 'Everything dark. And then I h-heard . . . things. Inside m-my head.'  Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia exchanged looks of utter horror. If their least favourite thing in the world was magic - closely followed by neighbours who cheated more than they did on the hosepipe ban - people who heard voices were definitely in the bottom ten. They obviously thought Dudley was losing his mind.  'What sort of things did you hear, Popkin?' breathed Aunt Petunia, very white-faced and with tears in her eyes.  But Dudley seemed incapable of saying. He shuddered again and shook his large blond head, and despite the sense of numb dread that had settled on Harry since the arrival of the first owl, he felt a certain curiosity. Dementors caused a person to relive the worst moments of their life. What would spoiled, pampered, bullying Dudley have been forced to hear?  'How come you fell over, son?' said Uncle Vernon, in an unnaturally quiet voice, the kind of voice he might adopt at the Bedside of a very ill person.  'T-tripped,' said Dudley shakily. 'And then - '  He gestured at his massive chest. Harry understood. Dudley was remembering the clammy cold that filled the lungs as hope and happiness were sucked out of you.  'Horrible,' croaked Dudley. 'Cold. Really cold.'  'OK,' said Uncle Vernon, in a voice of forced calm, while Aunt Petunia laid an anxious hand on Dudley's forehead to feel his temperature. 'What happened then, Dudders?'  'Felt . . . felt . . . felt . . . as if . . . as if . . .'  'As if you'd never be happy again,' Harry supplied dully.  'Yes,' Dudley whispered, still trembling.  'So!' said Uncle Vernon, voice restored to full and considerable volume as he straightened up. 'You put some crackpot spell on my on so he'd hear voices and believe he was - was doomed to misery, or something, did you?'  'How many times do I have to tell you?' said Harry, temper and voice both rising. 'It wasn't me! It was a couple of Dementors!'  'A couple of - what's this codswallop?'  'De - men - tors,' said Harry slowly and clearly. Two of them.'  'And what the ruddy hell are Dementors?'  'They guard the wizard prison, Azkaban,' said Aunt Petunia.  Two seconds of ringing silence followed these words before Aunt Petunia clapped her hand over her mouth as though she had let slip a disgusting swear word. Uncle Vernon was goggling at her. Harry's brain reeled. Mrs Figg was one thing - but Aunt Petunia?  'How d'you know that?' he asked her, astonished.  Aunt Petunia looked quite appalled with herself. She glanced at Uncle Vernon in fearful apology, then lowered her hand slightly to reveal her horsy teeth.  'I heard - that awful boy - telling her about them - years ago,' she said jerkily.  'If you mean my mum and dad, why don't you use their names?' said Harry loudly but Aunt Petunia ignored him. She seemed horribly flustered.  Harry was stunned. Except for one outburst years ago, in the course of which Aunt Petunia had screamed that Harry's mother had been a freak, he had never heard her mention her sister. He was astounded that she had remembered this scrap of information about the magical world for so long, when she usually put all her energies, into pretending it didn't exist.  Uncle Vernon opened his mouth, closed it again, opened it once more, shut it, then, apparently struggling to remember how to talk, opened it for a third time and croaked, 'So - so - they - er - they - er - they actually exist, do they - er - Dementy-whatsits?'  Aunt Petunia nodded.  Uncle Vernon looked from Aunt Petunia to Dudley to Harry as if hoping somebody was going to shout 'April Fool!' When nobody did, he opened his mouth yet again, but was spared the struggle to find more words by the arrival of the third owl of the evening. It zoomed through the still-open window like a feathery cannon-ball and landed with a clatter on the kitchen table, causing all three of the Dursleys to jump with fright. Harry tore a second official-looking envelope from the owl's beak and ripped it open as the owl swooped back out into the night.  'Enough - effing - owls,' muttered Uncle Vernon distractedly, stomping over to the window and slamming it shut again.Dear Mr Potter,Further to our letter of approximately twenty-two minutes ago, the Ministry of Magic has revised its decision to destroy your wand forthwith. You may retain your wand until your disciplinary hearing on the twelfth of August, at which time an official decision will be taken.  Following discussions with the Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, the Ministry has agreed that the question of your expulsion will also be decided at that time. You should therefore consider yourself suspended from- school pending further enquiries.  With best wishes,  Yours sincerely,  Mafalda Hopkirk  Improper Use of Magic Office  Ministry of MagicHarry read this letter through three times in quick succession. The miserable knot in his chest loosened slightly with the relief of knowing he was not yet definitely expelled, though his fears were by no means banished. Everything seemed to hang on this hearing on the twelfth of August.  'Well?' said Uncle Vernon, recalling Harry to his surroundings. 'What now? Have they sentenced you to anything? Do your lot have the death penalty?' he added as a hopeful afterthought.  'I've got to go to a hearing,' said Harry.  'And they'll sentence you there?'  'I suppose so.'  'I won't give up hope, then,' said Uncle Vernon nastily.  'Well, if that's all,' said Harry, getting to his feet. He was desperate to be alone, to think, perhaps to send a letter to Ron, Hermione or Sirius.  'NO, IT RUDDY WELL IS NOT ALL!' bellowed Uncle Vernon. 'SIT BACK DOWN!'  'What now?' said Harry impatiently.  'DUDLEY!' roared Uncle Vernon. 'I want to know exactly what happened to my son!'  'FINE!' yelled Harry, and in his temper, red and gold sparks shot out of the end of his wand, still clutched in his hand. All three Dursleys flinched, looking terrified.  'Dudley and I were in the alleyway between Magnolia Crescent and Wisteria Walk,' said Harry, speaking fast, fighting to control his temper. 'Dudley thought he'd be smart with me, I pulled out my wand but didn't use it. Then two Dementors turned up - '  'But what ARE Dementoids?' asked Uncle Vernon furiously. 'What do they DO?'  'I told you - they suck all the happiness out of you,' said Harry, 'and if they get the chance, they kiss you - '  'Kiss you?' said Uncle Vernon, his eyes popping slightly. 'Kiss you?'  'It's what they call it when they suck the soul out of your mouth.'  Aunt Petunia uttered a soft scream.  'His soul? They didn't take - he's still got his - '  She seized Dudley by the shoulders and shook him, as though testing to see whether she could hear his soul rattling around inside hint.  'Of course they didn't get his soul, you'd know if they had,' said Harry, exasperated.  'Fought 'em off, did you, son?' said Uncle Vernon loudly, with the appearance of a man struggling to bring the conversation back on to a plane he understood. 'Gave 'em the old one-two, did you?'  'You can't give a Dementor the old one-two,' said Harry through clenched teeth.  'Why's he all right, then?' blustered Uncle Vernon. 'Why isn't e all empty, then?'  'Because I used the Patronus - '  WHOOSH. With a clattering, a whirring of wings and a soft fall of dust, a fourth owl came shooting out of the kitchen fireplace.  'FOR GOD'S SAKE!' roared Uncle Vernon, pulling great clumps of hair out of his moustache, something he hadn't been driven to do in a long time. 'I WILL NOT HAVE OWLS HERE, I WILL NOT TOLERATE THIS, I TELL YOU!'  But Harry was already pulling a roll of parchment from the owl's leg. He was so convinced that this letter had to be from Dumbledore, explaining everything - the Dementors, Mrs Figg, what the Ministry was up to, how he, Dumbledore, intended to sort everything out - that for the first time in his life he was disappointed to see Sirius's handwriting. Ignoring Uncle Vernons ongoing rant about owls, and narrowing his eyes against a second cloud of dust as the most recent owl took off back up the chimney, Harry read Sirius's message.  Arthur has just told us what's happened. Don't leave the house again, whatever you do.  Harry found this such an inadequate response to everything that had happened tonight that he turned the piece of parchment over, looking for the rest of the letter, but there was nothing else.  And now his temper was rising again. Wasn't anybody going to say 'well done' for fighting off two Dementors single-handed? Both Mr Weasley and Sirius were acting as though he'd misbehaved, and were saving their tellings-off until they could ascertain how much damage had been done.  '. . . a peck, I mean, pack of owls shooting in and out of my house. I won't have it, boy, I won't - '  'I can't stop the owls coming,' Harry snapped, crushing Sirius's letter in his fist.  'I want the truth about what happened tonight!' barked Uncle Vernon. 'If it was Demenders who hurt Dudley, how come you've been expelled? You did you-know-what, you've admitted, it!'  Harry took a deep, steadying breath. His head was beginning to ache again. He wanted more than anything to get out of the kitchen, and away from the Dursleys.  'I did the Patronus Charm to get rid of the Dementors,' he said, forcing himself to remain calm. 'It's the only thing that works against them.'  'But what were Dementoids doing in Little Whinging?' said Uncle Vernon in an outraged tone.  'Couldn't tell you,' said Harry wearily. 'No idea.'  His head was pounding in the glare of the strip-lighting now. His anger was ebbing away. He felt drained, exhausted. The Dursleys were all staring at him.  'It's you,' said Uncle Vernon forcefully. 'It's got something to do with you, boy, I know it. Why else would they turn up here? Why else would they be down that alleyway? You've got to be the only - the only - ' Evidently, he couldn't bring himself to say the word 'wizard'. The only you-know-what for miles.'  'I don't know why they were here.'  But at Uncle Vernon's words, Harry's exhausted brain had ground back into action. Why had the Dementors come to Little Whinging? How could it be coincidence that they had arrived in the alleyway where Harry was? Had they been sent? Had the Ministry of Magic lost control of the Dementors? Had they deserted Azkaban and joined Voldemort, as Dumbledore had predicted they would?  'These Demembers guard some weirdo prison?' asked Uncle Vernon, lumbering along in the wake of Harry's train of thought.  'Yes,' said Harry.  If only his head would stop hurting, if only he could just leave the kitchen and get to his dark bedroom and think . . .  'Oho! They were coming to arrest you!' said Uncle Vernon, with the triumphant air of a man reaching an unassailable conclusion. That's it, isn't it, boy? You're on the run from the law!'  'Of course I'm not,' said Harry, shaking his head as though to scare off a fly, his mind racing now.  Then why - ?'  'He must have sent them,' said Harry quietly, more to himself than to Uncle Vernon.  'What's that? Who must have sent them?'  'Lord Voldemort,' said Harry.  He registered dimly how strange it was that the Dursleys, who flinched, winced and squawked if they heard words like 'wizard', 'magic' or 'wand', could hear the name of the most evil wizard of all time without the slightest tremor.  'Lord - hang on,' said Uncle Vernon, his face screwed up, a look of dawning comprehension coming into his piggy eyes. 'I've heard that name . . . that was the one who - '  'Murdered my parents, yes,' Harry said dully.  'But he's gone,' said Uncle Vernon impatiently, without the slightest sign that the murder of Harry's parents might be a painful topic. That giant bloke said so. He's gone.'  'He's back,' said Harry heavily.  It felt very strange to be standing here in Aunt Petunia's surgically clean kitchen, beside the top'-of-the-range fridge and the wide-screen television, talking calmly of Lord Voldemort to Uncle Vernon. The arrival of the Dementors in Little Whinging seemed to have breached the great, invisible wall that divided the relentlessly non-magical world of Privet Drive and the world beyond. Harry's two lives had somehow become fused and everything had been turned upside-down	 the Dursleys were asking for details about the magical world, and Mrs Figg knew Albus Dumbledore	 Dementors were soaring around Little Whinging, and he might never return to Hogwarts. Harry's head throbbed more painfully.  'Back?' whispered Aunt Petunia.  She was looking at Harry as she had never looked at him before. And all of a sudden, for the very first time in his life, Harry fully appreciated that Aunt Petunia was his mother's sister. He could not have said why this hit him so very powerfully at this moment. All he knew was that he was not the only person in the room who had an inkling of what Lord Voldemort being back might mean. Aunt Petunia had never in her life looked at him like that before. Her large, pale eyes (so unlike her sisters) were not narrowed in dislike or anger, they were wide and fearful. The furious pretence that Aunt Petunia had maintained all Harry's life - that there was no magic and no world other than the world she inhabited with Uncle Vernon - seemed to have fallen away.  'Yes,' Harry said, talking directly to Aunt Petunia now. 	He came back a month ago. I saw him.'  Her hands found Dudley's massive leather-clad shoulders and clutched them.  'Hang on,' said Uncle Vernon, looking from his wife to Harry and back again, apparently dazed and confused by the unprecedented understanding that seemed to have sprung up between them. 'Hang on. This Lord Voldything's back, you say.'  'Yes.'  The one who murdered your parents.'  'Yes.'  'And now he's sending Dismembers after you?'  'Looks like it,' said Harry.  T see,' said Uncle Vernon, looking from his white-faced wife to Harry and hitching up his trousers. He seemed to be swelling, his  great purple face stretching before Harry's eyes. 'Well, that settles it,' he said, his shirt front straining as he inflated himself, 'you can get out of this house, boy!'  'What?' said Harry.  'You heard me - OUT!' Uncle Vernon bellowed, and even Aunt Petunia and Dudley jumped. 'OUT! OUT! I should've done this years ago! Owls treating the place like a rest home, puddings exploding, half the lounge destroyed, Dudley's tail, Marge bobbing around on the ceiling and that flying Ford Anglia - OUT! OUT! You've had it! You're history! You're not staying here if some loony's after you, you're not endangering my wife and son, you're not bringing trouble down on us. It you're going the same way as your useless parents, I've had it! OUT!'  Harry stood rooted to the spot. The letters from the Ministry, Mr Weasley and Sirius were all crushed in his left hand. Don't leave the house again, whatever you do. DO NOT LEAVE YOUR AUNT AND UNCLE'S HOUSE.  'You heard me!' said Uncle Vernon, bending forwards now, his massive purple face coming so close to Harry's, he actually felt flecks of spit hit his face. 'Get going! You were all keen to leave half an hour ago! I'm right behind you! Get out and never darken our doorstep again! Why we ever kept you in the first place, I don't know, Marge was right, it should have been the orphanage. We were too damn soft for our own good, thought we could squash it out of you, thought we could turn you normal, but you've been rotten from the beginning and I've had enough - owls!'  The fifth owl zoomed down the chimney so fast it actually hit the floor before zooming into the air again with a loud screech. Harry raised his hand to seize the letter, which was in a scarlet envelope, but it soared straight over his head, flying directly at Aunt Petunia, who let out a scream and ducked, her arms over her face. The owl dropped the red envelope on her head, turned, and flew straight back up the chimney.  Harry darted forwards to pick up the letter, but Aunt Petunia beat him to it.  'You can open it if you like,' said Harry, 'but I'll hear what it says anyway. That's a Howler.'  'Let go of it, Petunia!' roared Uncle Vernon. 'Don't touch it, it could be dangerous!'  'It's addressed to me,' said Aunt Petunia in a shaking voice. 'It's addressed to me, Vernon, look! Mrs Petunia Dursley, The Kitchen, Number Four, Privet Drive - '  She caught her breath, horrified. The red envelope had begun to smoke.  'Open it!' Harry urged her. 'Get it over with! It'll happen anyway.'  'No.'  Aunt Petunia's hand was trembling. She looked wildly around the kitchen as though looking for an escape route, but too late - the envelope burst into flames. Aunt Petunia screamed and dropped it.  An awful voice filled the kitchen, echoing in the confined space, issuing from the burning letter on the table.  'Remember my last, Petunia.'  Aunt Petunia looked as though she might faint. She sank into the chair beside Dudley, her face in her hands. The remains of the envelope smouldered into ash in the silence.  'What is this?' Uncle Vernon said hoarsely. 'What - I don't - 'Petunia?'  Aunt Petunia said nothing. Dudley was staring stupidly at his mother, his mouth hanging open. The silence spiralled horribly. Harry was watching his aunt, utterly bewildered, his head throbbing fit to burst.  'Petunia, dear?' said Uncle Vernon timidly. 'P-Petunia?'  She raised her head. She was still trembling. She swallowed.  'The boy - the boy will have to stay, Vernon,' she said weakly.  'W-what?'  'He stays,' she said. She was not looking at Harry. She got to her feet again.  'He . . . but Petunia . . .'  'If we throw him out, the neighbours will talk,' she said. She was rapidly regaining her usual brisk, snappish manner, though she was still very pale. 'They'll ask awkward questions, they'll want to know where he's gone. We'll have to keep him.'  Uncle Vernon was deflating like an old tyre.  'But Petunia, dear - '  Aunt Petunia ignored him. She turned to Harry.  'You're to stay in your room,' she said. 'You're not to leave the house. Now get to bed.'  Harry didn't move.  'Who was that Howler from?'  'Don't ask questions,' Aunt Petunia snapped.  'Are you in touch with wizards?'  'I told you to get to bed!'  'What did it mean? Remember the last what?'  'Go to bed!'  'How come - ?'  'YOU HEARD YOUR AUNT, NOW GO UP TO BED!',97,Order of the Phoenix,2				
98,Order of the Phoenix= The Advance Guard I've just been attacked by Dementors and I might be expelled from Hogwarts. I want to know what's going on and when I'm going to get out of here.  Harry copied these words on to three separate pieces of parchment the moment he reached the desk in his dark bedroom. He addressed the first to Sirius, the second to Ron and the third to Hermione. His owl, Hedwig, was off hunting	 her cage stood empty on the desk. Harry paced the bedroom waiting for her to come back, his head pounding, his brain too busy for sleep even though his eyes stung and itched with tiredness. His back ached from hauling Dudley home, and the two lumps on his head where the window and Dudley had hit him were throbbing painfully.  Up and down he paced, consumed with anger and frustration, grinding his teeth and clenching his fists, casting angry looks out at the empty, star-strewn sky every time he passed the window. Dementors sent to get him, Mrs Figg and Mundungus Fletcher tailing him in secret, then suspension from Hogwarts and a hearing at the Ministry of Magic - and still no one was telling him what was going on.  And what, what, had that Howler been about? Whose voice had echoed so horribly, so menacingly, through the kitchen?  Why was he still trapped here without information? Why was everyone treating him like some naughty kid? Don't do any more magic, stay in the house . . .  He kicked his school trunk as he passed it, but far from relieving his anger he felt worse, as he now had a sharp pain in his toe to deal with in addition to the pain in the rest of his body  Just as he limped past the window, Hedwig soared through it with a soft rustle of wings like a small ghost.  'About time!' Harry snarled, as she landed lightly on top of her cage. 'You can put that down, I've got work for you!'  Hedwig's large, round, amber eyes gazed at him reproachfully over the dead frog clamped in her beak.  'Come here,' said Harry, picking up the three small rolls of parchment and a leather thong and tying the scrolls to her scaly leg. Take these straight to Sirius, Ron and Hermione and don't come back here without good long replies. Keep pecking them till they've written decent-length answers if you've got to. Understand?'  Hedwig gave a muffled hooting noise, her beak still full of frog.  'Get going, then,' said Harry.  She took off immediately. The moment she'd gone, Harry threw himself down on his bed without undressing and stared at the dark ceiling. In addition to every other miserable feeling, he now felt guilty that he'd been irritable with Hedwig	 she was the only friend he had at number four, Privet Drive But he'd make it up to her when she came back with the answers from Sirius, Ron and Hermione.  They were bound to write back quickly	 they couldn't possibly ignore a Dementor attack. He'd probably wake up tomorrow to three fat letters full of sympathy and plans for his immediate removal to The Burrow. And with that comforting idea, sleep rolled over him, stifling all further thought.*But Hedwig didn't return next morning. Harry spent the day in his bedroom, leaving it only to go to the bathroom. Three times that day Aunt Petunia shoved food into his room through the cat-Flap Uncle Vernon had installed three summers ago. Every time Harry heard her approaching he tried to question her about the Howler, but he might as well have interrogated the doorknob for all the answers he got. Otherwise, the Dursleys kept well clear of his bedroom. Harry couldn't see the point of forcing his company on them	 another row would achieve nothing except perhaps make him so angry he'd perform more illegal magic.  So it went on for three whole days. Harry was alternately filled with restless energy that made him unable to settle to anything, during which time he paced his bedroom, furious at the whole lot of them for leaving him to stew in this mess	 and with a lethargy so complete that he could lie on his bed for an hour at a time, staring dazedly into space, aching with dread at the thought of the Ministry hearing.  What if they ruled against him? What if he was expelled and his wand was snapped in half? What would he do, where would he go? He could not return to living full-time with the Dursleys, not now he knew the other world, the one to which he really belonged. Might he be able to move into Sirius's house, as Sirius had suggested a year ago, before he had been forced to flee from the Ministry? Would Harry be allowed to live there alone, given that he was still underage? Or would the matter of where he went next be decided for him? Had his breach of the International Statute of Secrecy been severe enough to land him in a cell in Azkaban? Whenever this thought occurred, Harry invariably slid off his bed and began pacing again.  On the fourth night after Hedwig's departure Harry was lying in one of his apathetic phases, staring at the ceiling, his exhausted mind quite blank, when his uncle entered his bedroom. Harry looked slowly around at him. Uncle Vernon was wearing his best suit and an expression of enormous smugness.  'We're going out,' he said.  'Sorry?'  'We - that is to say, your aunt, Dudley and I - are going out.'  'Fine,' said Harry dully, looking back at the ceiling.  'You are not to leave your bedroom while we are away.'  'OK.'  'You are not to touch the television, the stereo, or any of our possessions.'  'Right.'  'You are not to steal food from the fridge.'  'OK.'  'I am going to lock your door.'  'You do that.'  Uncle Vernon glared at Harry, clearly suspicious of this lack of argument, then stomped out of the room and closed the door behind him. Harry heard the key turn in the lock and Uncle Vernon's footsteps walking heavily down the stairs. A few minutes later he heard the slamming of car doors, the rumble of an engine, and the unmistakeable sound of the car sweeping out of the drive.  Harry had no particular feeling about the Dursleys leaving. It made no difference to him whether they were in the house or not. He could not even summon the energy to get up and turn on his bedroom light. The room grew steadily darker around him as he lay listening to the night sounds through the window he kept open all the time, waiting for the blessed moment when Hedwig returned.  The empty house creaked around him. The pipes gurgled. Harry ay there in a kind of stupor, thinking of nothing, suspended in misery.  Then, quite distinctly, he heard a crash in the kitchen below.  He sat bolt upright, listening intently. The Dursleys couldn't be back, it was much too soon, and in any case he hadn't heard their car.  There was silence for a few seconds, then voices.  Burglars, he thought, sliding off the bed on to his feet - but a split second later it occurred to him that burglars would keep their voices down, and whoever was moving around in the kitchen was certainly not troubling to do so.  He snatched up his wand from the bedside table and stood lacing his bedroom door, listening with all his might. Next moment, he jumped as the lock gave a loud click and his door swung open.  Harry stood motionless, staring through the open doorway at the dark upstairs landing, straining his ears for further sounds, but none came. He hesitated for a moment, then moved swiftly and silently out of his room to the head of the stairs.  His heart shot upwards into his throat. There were people standing in the shadowy hall below, silhouetted against the streetlight glowing through the glass door	 eight or nine of them, all, as far as he could see, looking up at him.  'Lower your wand, boy, before you take someone's eye out,' said a low, growling voice.  Harry's heart was thumping uncontrollably. He knew that voice, but he did not lower his wand.  'Professor Moody?' he said uncertainly.  'I don't know so much about Professor,' growled the voice, 'never got round to much teaching, did I? Get down here, we want to see you properly.'  Harry lowered his wand slightly but did not relax his grip on it, nor did he move. He had very good reason to be suspicious. He had recently spent nine months in what he had thought was Mad-Eye Moody's company only to find out that it wasn't Moody at all, but an impostor	 an impostor, moreover, who had tried to kill Harry before being unmasked. But before he could make a decision about what to do next, a second, slightly hoarse voice floated upstairs.  'It's all right, Harry. We've come to take you away.'  Harry's heart leapt. He knew that voice, too, though he hadn't heard it for over a year.  'P-Professor Lupin?' he said disbelievingly. 'Is that you?'  'Why are we all standing in the dark?' said a third voice, this one completely unfamiliar, a woman's. 'Lumos.'  A wand-tip flared, illuminating the hall with magical light. Harry blinked. The people below were crowded around the loot of the stairs, gazing up at him intently, some craning their heads for a better look.  Remus Lupin stood nearest to him. Though still quite young, Lupin looked tired and rather ill	 he had more grey hairs than when Harry had last said goodbye to him and his robes were more patched and shabbier than ever. Nevertheless, he was smiling broadly at Harry, who tried to smile back despite his state of shock.  'Oooh, he looks just like I thought he would,' said the witch who was holding her lit wand aloft. She looked the youngest there	 she had a pale heart-shaped face, dark twinkling eyes, and short spiky hair that was a violent shade of violet. Wotcher, Harry!'  'Yeah, I see what you mean, Remus,' said a bald black wizard standing furthest back - he had a deep, slow voice and wore a single gold hoop in his ear - 'he looks exactly like James.'  'Except the eyes,' said a wheezy-voiced, silver-haired wizard at the back. 'Lily's eyes.'  Mad-Eye Moody, who had long grizzled grey hair and a large chunk missing from his nose, was squinting suspiciously at Harry through his mismatched eyes. One eye was small, dark and beady, the other large, round and electric blue - the magical eye that could see through walls, doors and the back of Moody's own head.  'Are you quite sure it's him, Lupin?' he growled. 'I'I'd be a nice lookout if we bring back some Death Eater impersonating him. We ought to ask him something only the real Potter would know. Unless anyone brought any Veritaserum?'  'Harry, what form does your Patronus take?' Lupin asked.  'A stag,' said Harry nervously.  That's him, Mad-Eye,' said Lupin.  Very conscious of everybody still staring at him, Harry descended the stairs, stowing his wand in the back pocket of his jeans as he came.  'Don't put your wand there, boy!' roared Moody. 'What if it ignited? Better wizards than you have lost buttocks, you know!'  'Who d'you know who's lost a buttock?' the violet-haired woman asked Mad-Eye interestedly.  'Never you mind, you just keep your wand out of your back pocket!' growled Mad-Eye. 'Elementary wand-safety, nobody bothers about it any more.' He stumped off towards the kitchen. 'And I saw that,' he added irritably, as the woman rolled her eyes towards the ceiling.  Lupin held out his hand and shook Harry's.  'How are you?' he asked, looking closely at Harry.  'F-fine . . .'  Harry could hardly believe this was real. Four weeks with nothing, not the tiniest hint of a plan to remove him from Privet Drive, and suddenly a whole bunch of wizards was standing matter-of-factly in the house as though this was a long-standing arrangement. He glanced at the people surrounding Lupin	 they were still gazing avidly at him. He felt very conscious of the fact that he had riot combed his hair for four days.  'I'm - you're really lucky the Dursleys are out . . .' he mumbled.  'Lucky, ha!' said the violet-haired woman. 'It was me who lured them out of the way. Sent a letter by Muggle post telling them  they'd been short-listed for the All-England Best Kept Suburban Lawn Competition. They're heading off to the prize-giving right now . . . or they think they are.'  Harry had a fleeting vision of Uncle Vernon's face when he realised there was no All-England Best Kept Suburban Lawn Competition.  'We are leaving, aren't we?' he asked. 'Soon?'  'Almost at once,' said Lupin, 'we're just waiting for the all-clear.'  'Where are we going? The Burrow?' Harry asked hopefully.  'Not The Burrow, no,' said Lupin, motioning Harry towards the kitchen	 the little knot of wizards followed, all still eyeing Harry curiously. Too risky. We've set up Headquarters somewhere un-detectable. It's taken a while . . .'  Mad-Eye Moody was now sitting at the kitchen table swigging from a hip flask, his magical eye spinning in all directions, taking in the Dursleys' many labour-saving appliances.  This is Alastor Moody, Harry,' Lupin continued, pointing towards Moody. 'Yeah, I know,' said Harry uncomfortably. It felt odd to be introduced to somebody he'd thought he'd known for a year.  'And this is Nymphadora - '  'Don't call me Nymphadora, Remus,' said the young witch with a shudder, 'it's Tonks.'  'Nymphadora Tonks, who prefers to be known by her surname only,' finished Lupin.  'So would you if your fool of a mother had called you Nymphadora,' muttered Tonks.  'And this is Kingsley Shacklebolt.' He indicated the tall black wizard, who bowed. 'Elphias Doge.' The wheezy-voiced wizard nodded. 'Dedalus Diggle - '  'We've met before,' squeaked the excitable Diggle, dropping his violet-coloured top hat.  'Emmeline Vance.' A stately-looking witch in an emerald green shawl inclined her head. 'Sturgis Podmore.' A square-jawed wizard with thick straw-coloured hair winked. 'And Hestia Jones.' A pink-cheeked, black-haired witch waved from next to the toaster.  Harry inclined his head awkwardly at each of them as they were introduced. He wished they would look at something other than him	 it was as though he had suddenly been ushered on-stage. He also wondered why so many of their, were there.  'A surprising number of people volunteered to come and get you,' said Lupin, as though he had read Harry's mind	 the corners of his mouth twitched slightly.  'Yeah, well, the more the better,' said Moody darkly. 'We're your guard, Potter.'  'We're just waiting for the signal to tell us it's safe to set off,' said Lupin, glancing out of the kitchen window. 'We've got about fifteen minutes.'  'Very clean, aren't they, these Muggles?' said the witch called Tonks, who was looking around the kitchen with great interest. 'My dad's Muggle-born and he's a right old slob. I suppose it varies, just as it does with wizards?'  'Er - yeah,' said Harry. 'Look - ' he turned back to Lupin, 'what's going on, I haven't heard anything from anyone, what's Vol-?'  Several of the witches and wizards made odd hissing noises
Order of the Phoenix= Number Twelve,Grimmauld Place 'What's the Order of the - ?' Harry began.  'Not here, boy!' snarled Moody. Wait till we're inside!'  He pulled the piece of parchment out of Harry's hand and set fire to it with his wand-tip. As the message curled into flames and floated to the ground, Harry looked around at the houses again. They were standing outside number eleven	 he looked to the left and saw number ten	 to the right, however, was number thirteen.  'But where's - ?'  'Think about what you've just memorised,' said Lupin quietly.  Harry thought, and no sooner had he reached the part about number twelve, Grimmauld Place, than a battered door emerged out of nowhere between numbers eleven and thirteen, followed swiftly by dirty walls and grimy windows. It was as though an extra house had inflated, pushing those on either side out of its way. Harry gaped at it. The stereo in number eleven thudded on. Apparently the Muggles inside hadn't felt anything.  'Come on, hurry,' growled Moody, prodding Harry in the back.  Harry walked up the worn stone steps, staring at the newly materialised door. Its black paint was shabby and scratched. The silver doorknocker was in the form of a twisted serpent. There was no keyhole or letterbox.  Lupin, pulled out his wand and tapped the door once. Harry heard many loud, metallic clicks and what sounded like the clatter o' a chain. The door creaked open.  'Get in quick, Harry,' Lupin whispered, 'but don't go far inside and don't touch anything.'  Harry stepped over the threshold into the almost total darkness of the hall. He could smell damp, dust and a sweetish, rotting smell	 the place had the feeling of a derelict building. He looked over his shoulder and saw the others filing in behind him, Lupin and Tonks carrying his trunk and Hedwig's cage. Moody was standing on the top step releasing the balls of light the Put-Outer had stolen from the streetlamps	 they flew back to their bulbs and the square glowed momentarily with orange light before Moody limped inside and closed the front door, so that the darkness in the hall became complete.  'Here - '  He rapped Harry hard over the head with his wand	 Harry felt as though something hot was trickling down his back this time and knew that the Disillusionment Charm must have lifted.  'Now stay still, everyone, while I give us a bit of light in here,' Moody whispered.  The others' hushed voices were giving Harry an odd feeling of foreboding	 it was as though they had just entered the house of a dying person. He heard a soft hissing noise and then old-fashioned gas lamps sputtered into life all along the walls, casting a flickering insubstantial light over the peeling wallpaper and threadbare carpet of a long, gloomy hallway, where a cobwebby chandelier glimmered overhead and age-blackened portraits hung crooked on the walls. Harry heard something scuttling behind the skirting board. Both the chandelier and the candelabra on a rickety table nearby were shaped like serpents.  There were hurried footsteps and Ron's mother, Mrs Weasley, emerged from a door at the far end of the hall. She was beaming in welcome as she hurried towards them, though Harry noticed that she was rather thinner and paler than she had been last time he had seen her.  'Oh, Harry, it's lovely to see you!' she whispered, pulling him into a rib-cracking hug before holding him at arm's length and examining him critically. 'You're looking peaky	 you need feeding up, but you'll have to wait a bit for dinner, I'm afraid.'  She turned to the gang of wizards behind him and whispered urgently, 'He's just arrived, the meeting's started.'  The wizards behind Harry all made noises of interest and excitement and began filing past him towards the door through which Mrs Weasley had just come. Harry made to follow Lupin, but Mrs Weasley held him back.  'No, Harry, the meeting's only for members of the Order. Ron and Hermione are upstairs, you can wait with them until the meetings over, then we'll have dinner. And keep your voice down in the hall,' she added in an urgent whisper.  'Why?'  'I don't want anything to wake up.'  'What d'you - ?'  'I'll explain later, I've got to hurry, I'm supposed to be at the meeting - I'll just show you where you're sleeping.'  Pressing her finger to her lips, she led him on tiptoe past a pair of long, moth-eaten curtains, behind which Harry supposed there must be another door, and after skirting a large umbrella stand that looked as though it had been made from a severed troll's leg they started up the dark staircase, passing a row of shrunken heads mounted on plaques on the wall. A closer look showed Harry that the heads belonged to house-elves. All of them had the same rather snout-like nose.  Harry's bewilderment deepened with every step he took. What on earth were they doing in a house that looked as though it belonged to the Darkest of wizards?  'Mrs Weasley, why -?'  'Ron and Hermione will explain everything, dear, I've really got to dash,' Mrs Weasley whispered distractedly. There - ' they had reached the second landing, ' - you're the door on the right. I'll call you when it's over.'  And she hurried off downstairs again.  Harry crossed the dingy landing, turned the bedroom doorknob, which was shaped like a serpent's head, and opened the door.  He caught a brief glimpse of a gloomy high-ceilinged, twin-bedded room	 then there was a loud twittering noise, followed by an even louder shriek, and his vision was completely obscured by a large quantity of very bushy hair. Hermione had thrown herself on to him in a hug that nearly knocked him flat, while Ron's tiny owl, Pigwidgeon, zoomed excitedly round and round their heads.  'HARRY! Ron, he's here, Harry's here! We didn't hear you arrive! Oh, how are you? Are you all right? Have you been furious with us? I bet you have, I know our letters were useless - but we couldn't tell you anything, Dumbledore made us swear we wouldn't, oh, we've got so much to tell you, and you've got things to tell us - 'the Dementors! When we heard - and that Ministry hearing - it's just outrageous, I've looked it all up, they can't expel you, they just can't, there's provision in the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery for the use of magic in life-threatening situations - '  'Let him breathe, Hermione,' said Ron, grinning as he closed the door behind Harry. He seemed to have grown several more inches during their month apart, making him taller and more gangly looking than ever, though the long nose, bright red hair and freckles were the same.  Still beaming, Hermione let go of Harry, but before she could say another word there was a soft whooshing sound and something white soared from the top of a dark wardrobe and landed gently on Harry's shoulder.  'Hedwig!'  The snowy owl clicked her beak and nibbled his ear affectionately as Harry stroked her feathers.  'She's been in a right state,' said Ron. 'Pecked us half to death when she brought your last letters, look at this - '  He showed Harry the index finger of his right hand, which sported a half-healed but clearly deep cut.  'Oh, yeah,' Harry said. 'Sorry about that, but I wanted answers, you know - '  'We wanted to give them to you, mate,' said Ron. 'Hermione was going spare, she kept saying you'd do something stupid if you were stuck all on your own without news, but Dumbledore made us - '  '- swear not to tell me,' said Harry. 'Yeah, Hermione's already said.'  The warm glow that had flared inside him at the sight of his two best friends was extinguished as something icy flooded the pit of his stomach. All of a sudden - after yearning to see them for a solid month - he felt he would rather Ron and Hermione left him alone.  There was a strained silence in which Harry stroked Hedwig automatically, not looking at either of the others.  'He seemed to think it was best,' said Hermione rather breathlessly. 'Dumbledore, I mean.'  'Right,' said Harry. He noticed that her hands, too, bore the marks of Hedwig's beak and found that he was not at all sorry.  'I think he thought you were safest with the Muggles -' Ron began.  'Yeah?' said Harry, raising his eyebrows. 'Have either of you been attacked by Dementors this summer?'  'Well, no - but that's why he's had people from the Order of the Phoenix tailing you all the time - '  Harry felt a great jolt in his guts as though he had just missed a step going downstairs. So everyone had known he was being followed, except him.  'Didn't work that well, though, did it?' said Harry, doing his utmost to keep his voice even. 'Had to look after myself after all, didn't I?'  'He was so angry,' said Hermione, in an almost awestruck voice. 'Dumbledore. We saw him. When he found out Mundungus had left before his shift had ended. He was scary.'  'Well, I'm glad he left,' Harry said coldly 'II he hadn't, I wouldn't have done magic and Dumbledore would probably have left me at Privet Drive all summer.'  'Aren't you . . . aren't you worried about the Ministry of Magic hearing?' said Hermione quietly.  'No,' Harry lied defiantly. He walked away from them, looking around, with Hedwig nestled contentedly on his shoulder, but this room was not likely to raise his spirits. It was dank and dark. A blank stretch of canvas in an ornate picture frame was all that relieved the bareness of the peeling walls, and as Harry passed it he thought he heard someone, who was lurking out of sight, snigger.  'So why's Dumbledore been so keen to keep me in the dark?'  Harry asked, still trying hard to keep his voice casual. 'Did you - er - bother to ask him at all?'  He glanced up just in time to see them exchanging a look that told him he was behaving just as they had feared he would. It did nothing to improve his temper.  'We told Dumbledore we wanted to tell you what was going on,' said Ron. 'We did, mate. But he's really busy now, we've only seen him twice since we came here and he didn't have much time, he just made us swear not to tell you important stuff when we wrote, he said the owls might be intercepted.'  'He could still've kept me informed if he'd wanted to,' Harry said shortly. 'You're not telling me he doesn't know ways to send messages without owls.'  Hermione glanced at Ron and then said, 'I thought that, too. But he didn't want you to know anything.'  'Maybe he thinks I can't be trusted,' said Harry, watching their expressions.  'Don't be thick,' said Ron, looking highly disconcerted.  'Or that I can't take care of myself.'  'Of course he doesn't think that!' said Hermione anxiously.  'So how come I have to stay at the Dursleys' while you two get to join in everything that's going on here?' said Harry, the words tumbling over one another in a rush, his voice growing louder with every word. 'How come you two are allowed to know everything that's going on?'  'We're not!' Ron interrupted. 'Mum won't let us near the meetings, she says we're too young - '  But before he knew it, Harry was shouting.  'SO YOU HAVEN'T BEEN IN THE MEETINGS, BIG DEAL! YOU'VE STILL BEEN HERE, HAVEN'T YOU? YOU'VE STILL BEEN TOGETHER! ME, I'VE BEEN STUCK AT THE DURSLEYS' FOR A MONTH! AND I'VE HANDLED MORE THAN YOU TWO'VE EVER MANAGED AND DUMBLEDORE KNOWS IT - 'WHO SAVED THE PHILOSOPHER'S STONE? WHO GOT RID OF RIDDLE? WHO SAVED BOTH YOUR SKINS FROM THE DEMENTORS?'  Every bitter and resentful thought Harry had had in the past month was pouring out of him: his frustration at the lack of news, the hurt that they had all been together without him, his fury at being followed and not told about it - all the feelings he was half-ashamed of finally burst their boundaries. Hedwig took fright at the noise and soared off to the top of the wardrobe again	 Pigwidgeon twittered in alarm and zoomed even faster around their heads.  'WHO HAD TO GET PAST DRAGONS AND SPHINXES AND EVERY OTHER FOUL THING LAST YEAR? WHO SAW HIM COME BACK? WHO HAD TO ESCAPE FROM HIM? ME!'  Ron was standing there with his mouth half-open, clearly stunned and at a loss for anything to say, whilst Hermione looked on the verge of tears.  'BUT WHY SHOULD I KNOW WHAT'S GOING ON? WHY SHOULD ANYONE BOTHER TO TELL ME WHAT'S BEEN HAPPENING?'  'Harry, we wanted to tell you, we really did - ' Hermione began.  'CAN'T'VE WANTED TO THAT MUCH, CAN YOU, OR YOU'D HAVE SENT ME AN OWL, BUT DUMBLEDORE MADE YOU SWEAR - '  'Well, he did - '  'FOUR WEEKS I'VE BEEN STUCK IN PRIVET DRIVE, NICKING PAPERS OUT OF BINS TO TRY AND FIND OUT WHAT'S BEEN GOING ON - '  'We wanted to -  'I SUPPOSE YOU'VE BEEN HAVING A REAL LAUGH, HAVEN'T YOU, ALL HOLED UP HERE TOGETHER - '  'No, honest - '  'Harry, we're really sorry!' said Hermione desperately, her eyes now sparkling with tears. 'You're absolutely right, Harry - I'd be furious if it was me!'  Harry glared at her, still breathing deeply, then turned away from them again, pacing up and down. Hedwig hooted glumly from the top of the wardrobe. There was a long pause, broken only by the mournful creak of the floorboards below Harry's feet.  'What is this place, anyway?' he shot at Ron and Hermione.  'Headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix,' said Ron at once.  'Is anyone going to bother telling me what the Order of the Phoenix - ?'  'It's a secret society,' said Hermione quickly 'Dumbledore's in charge, he founded it. It's the people who fought against You-Know-Who last time.'  'Who's in it?' said Harry coming to a halt with his hands in his pockets.  'Quite a few people - '  'We've met about twenty of them,' said Ron, 'but we think there are more.'  Harry glared at them.  'Well?' he demanded, looking from one to the other.  'Er,' said Ron. 'Well what?'  'Voldemort!' said Harry furiously, and both Ron and Hermione winced. 'What's happening? What's he up to? Where is he? What are we doing to stop him?'  'We've told you, the Order don't let us in on their meetings,' said Hermione nervously 'So we don't know the details - but we've got a general idea,' she added hastily, seeing the look on Harry's face.  'Fred and George have invented Extendable Ears, see,' said Ron. They're really useful.'  'Extendable - ?'  'Ears, yeah. Only we've had to stop using them lately because Mum found out and went berserk. Fred and George had to hide them all to stop Mum binning them. But we got a good bit of use out of them before Mum realised what was going on. We know some of the Order are following known Death Eaters, keeping tabs on them, you know - '  'Some of them are working on recruiting more people to the Order - ' said Hermione.  'And some of them are standing guard over something,' said Ron. They're always talking about guard duty.'  'Couldn't have been me, could it?' said Harry sarcastically.  'Oh, yeah,' said Ron, with a look of dawning comprehension.  Harry snorted. He walked around the room again, looking anywhere but at Ron and Hermione. 'So, what have you two been doing, if you're not allowed in meetings?' he demanded. 'You said you'd been busy.'  'We have,' said Hermione quickly. 'We've been decontaminating this house, it's been empty for ages and stuff's been breeding in here. We've managed to clean out the kitchen, most of the bedrooms and I think we're doing the drawing room tomo- AARGH!'  With two loud cracks, Fred and George, Ron's elder twin brothers, had materialised out of thin air in the middle of the room. Pigwidgeon twittered more wildly than ever and zoomed off to join Hedwig on top of the wardrobe.  'Stop doing that!' Hermione said weakly to the twins, who were as vividly red-haired as Ron, though stockier and slightly shorter.  'Hello, Harry' said George, beaming at him. 'We thought we heard your dulcet tones.'  'You don't want to bottle up your anger like that, Harry, let it all out,' said Fred, also beaming. There might be a couple of people fifty miles away who didn't hear you.'  'You two passed your Apparation tests, then?' asked Harry grumpily.  'With distinction,' said Fred, who was holding what looked like a piece of very long, flesh-coloured string.  'It would have taken you about thirty seconds longer to walk down the stairs,' said Ron.  'Time is Galleons, little brother,' said Fred. 'Anyway, Harry, you're interfering with reception. Extendable Ears,' he added in response to Harry's raised eyebrows, and held up the string which Harry now saw was trailing out on to the landing. 'We're trying to hear what's going on downstairs.'  'You want to be careful,' said Ron, staring at the Ear, 'if Mum sees one of them again . . .'  'It's worth the risk, that's a major meeting they're having,' said red.  The door opened and a long mane of red hair appeared.  'Oh, hello, Harry!' said Ron's younger sister, Ginny, brightly. 'I thought I heard your voice.'  Turning to Fred and George, she said, 'Its no-go with the Extendable Ears, she's gone and put an Imperturbable Charm on the kitchen door.'  'How d'you know?' said George, looking crestfallen.  'Tonks told me how to find out,' said Ginny. 'You just chuck stuff at the door and if it can't make contact the door's been Imperturbed. I've been flicking Dungbombs at it from the top of the stairs and they just soar away from it, so there's no way the Extendable Ears will be able to get under the gap.'  Fred heaved a deep sigh.  'Shame. I really fancied finding out what old Snape's been up to.'  'Snape!' said Harry quickly. 'Is he here?'  'Yeah,' said George, carefully closing the door and sitting down on one of the beds	 Fred and Ginny followed. 'Giving a report. Top secret.'  'Git,' said Fred idly  'He's on our side now,' said Hermione reprovingly.  Ron snorted. 'Doesn't stop him being a git. The way he looks at us when he sees us.'  'Bill doesn't like him, either,' said Ginny, as though that settled the matter.  Harry was not sure his anger had abated yet	 but his thirst for information was now overcoming his urge to keep shouting. He sank on to the bed opposite the others.  'Is Bill here?' he asked. 'I thought he was working in Egypt?'  'He applied for a desk job so he could come home and work for the Order,' said Fred. 'He says he misses the tombs, but,' he smirked, 'there are compensations.'  'What d'you mean?'  'Remember old Fleur Delacour?' said George. 'She's got a job at Gringotts to eemprove 'er Eeenglish -  'And Bill's been giving her a lot of private lessons,' sniggered Fred.  'Charlie's in the Order, too,' said George, 'but he's still in Romania. Dumbledore wants as many foreign wizards brought in as possible, so Charlie's trying to make contacts on his days off.'  'Couldn't Percy do that?' Harry asked. The last he had heard, the third Weasley brother was working in the Department of International Magical Co-operation at the Ministry of Magic.  At Harry's words, all the Weasleys and Hermione exchanged darkly significant looks.  'Whatever you do, don't mention Percy in front of Mum and Dad,' Ron told Harry in a tense voice.  'Why not?'  'Because every time Percy's name's mentioned, Dad breaks whatever he's holding and Mum starts crying,' Fred said.  'It's been awful,' said Ginny sadly.  'I think we're well shot of him,' said George, with an uncharacteristically ugly look on his face.  'What's happened?' Harry said.  'Percy and Dad had a row,' said Fred. 'I've never seen Dad row with anyone like that. It's normally Mum who shouts.'  'It was the first week back after term ended,' said Ron. 'We were about to come and join the Order. Percy came home and told us he'd been promoted.'  'You're kidding?' said Harry.  Though he knew perfectly well that Percy was highly ambitious, Harry's impression was that Percy had not made a great success of his first job at the Ministry of Magic. Percy had committed the fairly large oversight of failing to notice that his boss was being controlled by Lord Voldemort (not that the Ministry had believed it - they all thought Mr Crouch had gone mad).  'Yeah, we were all surprised,' said George, 'because Percy got into a load of trouble about Crouch, there was an inquiry and everything. They said Percy ought to have realised Crouch was off his rocker and informed a superior. But you know Percy, Crouch left him in charge, he wasn't going to complain.'  'So how come they promoted him?'  That's exactly what we wondered,' said Ron, who seemed very keen to keep normal conversation going now that Harry had stopped yelling. 'He came home really pleased with himself - 'even more pleased than usual, if you can imagine that - and told Dad he'd been offered a position in Fudge's own office. A really good one for someone only a year out of Hogwarts: Junior Assistant to the Minister. He expected Dad to be all impressed, I think.'  'Only Dad wasn't,' said Fred grimly.  'Why not?' said Harry.  'Well, apparently Fudge has been storming round the Ministry checking that nobody's having any contact with Dumbledore,' said George.  'Dumbledore's name is mud with the Ministry these days, see,' said Fred. They all think he's just making trouble saying You-Know-Who's back.'  'Dad says Fudge has made it clear that anyone who's in league with Dumbledore can clear out their desks,' said George.  Trouble is, Fudge suspects Dad, he knows he's friendly with Dumbledore, and he's always thought Dad's a bit of a weirdo because of his Muggle obsession.'  'But what's that got to do with Percy?' asked Harry, confused.  'I'm coming to that. Dad reckons Fudge only wants Percy in his office because he wants to use him to spy on the family - and Dumbledore.'  Harry let out a low whistle.  'Bet Percy loved that.'  Ron laughed in a hollow sort of way.  'He went completely berserk. He said - well, he said loads of terrible stuff. He said he's been having to struggle against Dad's lousy reputation ever since he joined the Ministry and that Dad's got no ambition and that's why we've always been - you know - 'not had a lot of money, I mean - '  'What?' said Harry in disbelief, as Ginny made a noise like an angry cat.  'I know,' said Ron in a low voice. 'And it got worse. He said Dad was an idiot to run around with Dumbledore, that Dumbledore was heading for big trouble and Dad was going to go down with him, and that he - Percy - knew where his loyalty lay and it was with the Ministry. And if Mum and Dad were going to become traitors to the Ministry he was going to make sure everyone knew he didn't belong to our family any more. And he packed his bags the same night and left. He's living here in London now.'  Harry swore under his breath. He had always liked Percy least of Ron's brothers, but he had never imagined he would say such things to Mr Weasley.  'Mums been in a right state,' said Ron dully. 'You know - crying and stuff. She came up to London to try and talk to Percy but he slammed the door in her face. I dunno what he does if he meets Dad at work - ignores him, I s'pose.'  'But Percy must know Voldemort's back,' said Harry slowly. 'He's not stupid, he must know your mum and dad wouldn't risk everything without proof.'  'Yeah, well, your name got dragged into the row,' said Ron, shooting Harry a furtive look. 'Percy said the only evidence was your word and . . . I dunno . . . he didn't think it was good enough.'  'Percy takes the Daily Prophet seriously,' said Hermione tartly, and the others all nodded.  'What are you talking about?' Harry asked, looking around at them all. They were all regarding him warily.  'Haven't - haven't you been getting the Daily Prophet?' Hermione asked nervously.  'Yeah, I have!' said Harry.  'Have you - er - been reading it thoroughly?' Hermione asked, still more anxiously.  'Not cover to cover,' said Harry defensively. 'If they were going to report anything about Voldemort it would be headline news, wouldn't it?'  The others flinched at the sound of the name. Hermione hurried on, 'Well, you'd need to read it cover to cover to pick it up, but they - um - they mention you a couple of times a week.'  'But I'd have seen - '  'Not if you've only been reading the front page, you wouldn't,' said Hermione, shaking her head. 'I'm not talking about big articles. They just slip you in, like you're a standing joke.'  'What d'you - ?'  'It's quite nasty, actually,' said Hermione in a voice of forced calm. They're just building on Rita's stuff.'  'But she's not writing for them any more, is she?'  'Oh, no, she's kept her promise - not that she's got any choice,' Hermione added with satisfaction. 'But she laid the foundation for what they're trying to do now.'  'Which is what?' said Harry impatiently.  'OK, you know she wrote that you were collapsing all over the place and saying your scar was hurting and all that?'  'Yeah,' said Harry, who was not likely to forget Rita Skeeter's stories about him in a hurry.  'Well, they're writing about you as though you're this deluded, attention-seeking person who thinks he's a great tragic hero or something,' said Hermione, very fast, as though it would be less unpleasant for Harry to hear these facts quickly. 'They keep slipping in snide comments about you. If some far-fetched story appears, they say something like, A tale worthy of Harry Potter, and if anyone has a funny accident or anything it's, Let's hope he hasn't got a scar on his forehead or we'll be asked to worship him next - '  'I don't want anyone to worship - ' Harry began hotly.  'I know you don't,' said Hermione quickly, looking frightened. 'I know, Harry. But you see what they're doing? They want to turn you into someone nobody will believe. Fudge is behind it, I'll bet anything. They want wizards on the street to think you're just some stupid boy who's a bit of a joke, who tells ridiculous tall stories because he loves being famous and wants to keep it going.'  'I didn't ask - I didn't want - Voldemort killed my parents!' Harry spluttered. 'I got famous because he murdered my family but couldn't kill me! Who wants to be famous for that? Don't I hey think I'd rather it'd never- '  'We know, Harry' said Ginny earnestly.  'And of course, they didn't report a word about the Dementors attacking you,' said Hermione. 'Someone's told them to keep that quiet. That should've been a really big story, out-of-control Dementors. They haven't even reported that you broke the International Statute of Secrecy. We thought they would, it would be in so well with this image of you as some stupid show-off. We think they're biding their time until you're expelled, then they're really going to go to town - I mean, if you're expelled, obviously,' she went on hastily. 'You really shouldn't be, not if they abide by their own laws, there's no case against you.'  They were back on the hearing and Harry did not want to think about that. He cast around for another change of subject, but was saved the necessity of finding one by the sound of footsteps coming up the stairs.  'Uh oh.'  Fred gave the Extendable Ear a hearty tug	 there was another loud crack and he and George vanished. Seconds later, Mrs Weasley appeared in the bedroom doorway.  The meetings over, you can come down and have dinner now. Everyone's dying to see you, Harry. And who's left all those Dungbombs outside the kitchen door?'  'Crookshanks,' said Ginny unblushingly. 'He loves playing with them.'  'Oh,' said Mrs Weasley, 'I thought it might have been Kreacher, he keeps doing odd things like that. Now don't forget to keep your voices down in the hall. Ginny, your hands are filthy, what have you been doing? Go and wash them before dinner, please.'  Ginny grimaced at the others and followed her mother out of the room, leaving Harry alone with Ron and Hermione. Both of them were watching him apprehensively, as though they feared he would start shouting again now that everyone else had gone. The sight of them looking so nervous made him feel slightly ashamed.  'Look . . .' he muttered, but Ron shook his head, and Hermione said quietly, 'We knew you'd be angry, Harry, we really don't blame you, but you've got to understand, we did try to persuade Dumbledore -  'Yeah, I know,' said Harry shortly.  He cast around for a topic that didn't involve his headmaster, because the very thought of Dumbledore made Harry's insides burn with anger again.  Who's Kreacher?' he asked.  The house-elf who lives here,' said Ron. 'Nutter. Never met one like him.'  Hermione frowned at Ron.  'He's not a nutter, Ron.'  'His life's ambition is to have his head cut off and stuck up on plaque just like his mother,' said Ron irritably. 'Is that normal, Hermione?'  'Well - well, if he is a bit strange, it's not his fault.'  Ron rolled his eyes at Harry.  'Hermione still hasn't given up on SPEW.'  'It's not SPEW!' said Hermione heatedly. 'It's the Society for the Promotion of Elfish Welfare. And it's not just me, Dumbledore says we should be kind to Kreacher too.'  'Yeah, yeah,' said Ron. 'C'mon, I'm starving.'  He led the way out of the door and on to the landing, but be ore they could descend the stairs - '  'Hold it!' Ron breathed, flinging out an arm to stop Harry and Hermione walking any further. They're still in the hall, we might be able to hear something.'  The three of them looked cautiously over the banisters. The gloomy hallway below was packed with witches and wizards, including all of Harry's guard. They were whispering excitedly together. In the very centre of the group Harry saw the dark, greasy-haired head and prominent nose of his least favourite teacher at Hogwarts, Professor Snape. Harry leant further over the banisters. He was very interested in what Snape was doing for the Order of the Phoenix . . .  A thin piece of flesh-coloured string descended in front of Harry's eyes. Looking up, he saw Fred and George on the landing above, cautiously lowering the Extendable Ear towards the dark knot of people below. A moment later, however, they all began to move towards the front door and out of sight.  'Dammit,' Harry heard Fred whisper, as he hoisted the Extendable Ear back up again.  They heard the front door open, then close.  'Snape never eats here,' Ron told Harry quietly. Thank Clod. C'mon.'  'And don't forget to keep your voice down in the hall, Harry,' Hermione whispered.  As they passed the row of house-elf heads on the wall, they saw Lupin, Mrs Weasley and Tonks at the front door, magically sealing its many locks and bolts behind those who had just left.  'We're eating down in the kitchen,' Mrs Weasley whispered, meeting them at the bottom of the stairs. 'Harry, dear, if you'll just tiptoe across the hall it's through this door here - '  CRASH.  'Tonks!' cried Mrs Weasley in exasperation, turning to look behind her.  'I'm sorry!' wailed Tonks, who was lying flat on the floor. 'It's that stupid umbrella stand, that's the second time I've tripped over - '  But the rest of her words were drowned by a horrible, ear-splitting, blood-curdling screech.  The moth-eaten velvet curtains Harry had passed earlier had flown apart, but there was no door behind them. For a split second, Harry thought he was looking through a window, a window behind which an old woman in a black cap was screaming and screaming as though she were being tortured - then he realised it was simply a life-size portrait, but the most realistic, and the most unpleasant, he had ever seen in his life.  The old woman was drooling, her eyes were rolling, the yellowing skin of her face stretched taut as she screamed	 and all along the hall behind them, the other portraits awoke and began to yell, too, so that Harry actually screwed up his eyes at the noise and clapped his hands over his ears.  Lupin and Mrs Weasley darted forward and tried to tug the curtains shut over the old woman, but they would not close and she screeched louder than ever, brandishing clawed hands as though trying to tear at their faces.  'Filth! Scum! By-products of dirt and vileness! Half-breeds, mutants, freaks, begone from this place! How dare you befoul the house of my fathers - '  Tonks apologised over and over again, dragging the huge, heavy troll's leg back off the floor
Order of the Phoenix= The Order of The Phoenix 'Your - ?'  'My dear old mum, yeah,' said Sirius. 'We've been trying to get her down for a month but we think she put a Permanent. Sticking Charm on the back of the canvas. Lets get downstairs, quick, before they all wake up again.'  'But what's a portrait of your mother doing here?' Harry asked, bewildered, as they went through the door from the hall and led the way down a flight of narrow stone steps, the others just behind them.  'Hasn't anyone told you? This was my parents' house,' said Sirius. 'But I'm the last Black left, so it's mine now. I offered it to Dumbledore for Headquarters - about the only useful thing I've been able to do.'  Harry, who had expected a better welcome, noted how hard and bitter Sirius's voice sounded. He followed his godfather to the bottom of the steps and through a door leading into the basement kitchen.  It was scarcely less gloomy than the hall above, a cavernous room with rough stone walls. Most of the light was coming from a large fire at the far end of the room. A haze of pipe smoke hung in the air like battle fumes, through which loomed the menacing shapes of heavy iron pots and pans hanging from the dark ceiling. Many chairs had been crammed into the room for the meeting and a long wooden table stood in the middle of them, littered with rolls of parchment, goblets, empty wine bottles, and a heap of what appeared to be rags. Mr Weasley and his eldest son Bill were talking quietly with their heads together at the end of the table.  Mrs Weasley cleared her throat. Her husband, a thin, balding, red-haired man who wore horn-rimmed glasses, looked around and jumped to his feet.  'Harry!' Mr Weasley said, hurrying forward to greet him, and shaking his hand vigorously. 'Good to see you!'  Over his shoulder Harry saw Bill, who still wore his long hair in a ponytail, hastily rolling up the lengths of parchment left on the table.  'Journey all right, Harry?' Bill called, trying to gather up twelve scrolls at once. 'Mad-Eye didn't make you come via Greenland, then?'  'He tried,' said Tonks, striding over to help Bill and immediately toppling a candle on to the last piece of parchment. 'Oh no - sorry - '  'Here, dear,' said Mrs Weasley, sounding exasperated, and she repaired the parchment with a wave of her wand. In the flash of light caused by Mrs Weasley's charm Harry caught a glimpse of what looked like the plan of a building.  Mrs Weasley had seen him looking. She snatched the plan off the table and stuffed it into Bill's already overladen arms.  This sort of thing ought to be cleared away promptly at the end of meetings,' she snapped, before sweeping off towards an ancient dresser from which she started unloading dinner plates.  Bill took out his wand, muttered, 'Evanesce!' and the scrolls vanished.  'Sit down, Harry' said Sirius. 'You've met Mundungus, haven't you?'  The thing Harry had taken to be a pile of rags gave a prolonged, grunting snore, then jerked awake.  'Some'n say m'name?' Mundungus mumbled sleepily. 'I agree with Sirius . . .' He raised a very grubby hand in the air as though voting, his droopy, bloodshot eyes unfocused.  Ginny giggled.  The meeting's over, Dung,' said Sirius, as they all sat down around him at the table. 'Harry's arrived.'  'Eh?' said Mundungus, peering bale fully at Harry through his matted ginger hair. 'Blimey, so 'e 'as. Yeah . . . you all right, 'Airy?'  'Yeah,' said Harry.  Mundungus fumbled nervously in his pockets, still staring at Harry, and pulled out a grimy black pipe. He stuck it in his mouth, ignited the end of it with his wand and took a deep pull on it. Great billowing clouds of greenish smoke obscured him within seconds.  'Owe you a 'pology,' grunted a voice from the middle of the smelly cloud.  'For the last time, Mundungus,' called Mrs Weasley, 'will you please not smoke that thing in the kitchen, especially not when we're about to eat!'  'Ah,' said Mundungus. 'Right. Sorry, Molly.'  The cloud of smoke vanished as Mundungus stowed his pipe back in his pocket, but an acrid smell of burning socks lingered.  'And if you want dinner before midnight I'll need a hand,' Mrs Weasley said to the room at large. 'No, you can stay where you are, Harry dear, you've had a long journey.'  'What can I do, Molly?' said Tonks enthusiastically, bounding forwards.  Mrs Weasley hesitated, looking apprehensive.  'Er - no, it's all right, Tonks, you have a rest too, you've done enough today.'  'No, no, I want to help!' said Tonks brightly, knocking over a chair as she hurried towards the dresser, from which Ginny was collecting cutlery.  Soon, a series of heavy knives were chopping meat and vegetables of their own accord, supervised by Mr Weasley, while Mrs Weasley stirred a cauldron dangling over the fire and the others took out plates, more goblets and food from the pantry. Harry was left at the table with Sirius and Mundungus, who was still blinking at him mournfully.  'Seen old Figgy since?' he asked.  'No,' said Harry, 'I haven't seen anyone.'  'See, I wouldn't 'ave left,' said Mundungus, leaning forward, a pleading note in his voice, 'but I 'ad a business opportunity - '  Harry felt something brush against his knees and started, but it was only Crookshanks, Hermione's bandy-legged ginger cat, who wound himself once around Harry's legs, purring, then jumped on to Sirius's lap and curled up. Sirius scratched him absent-mindedly behind the ears as he turned, still grim-faced, to Harry.  'Had a good summer so far?'  'No, it's been lousy,' said Harry.  For the first time, something like a grin flitted across Sirius's free.  'Don't know what you're complaining about, myself.'  'What?' said Harry incredulously.  'Personally, I'd have welcomed a Dementor attack. A deadly struggle for my soul would have broken the monotony nicely. You think you've had it bad, at least you've been able to get out and about, stretch your legs, get into a few fights . . . I've been stuck inside for a month.'  'How come?' asked Harry, frowning.  'Because the Ministry of Magic's still after me, and Voldemort will know all about me being an Animagus by now, Wormtail will have told him, so my big disguise is useless. There's not much I can do for the Order of the Phoenix . . . or so Dumbledore feels.'  There was something about the slightly flattened tone of voice in which Sirius uttered Dumbledore's name that told Harry that Sirius, too, was not very happy with the Headmaster. Harry felt a sudden upsurge of affection for his godfather.  'At least you've known what's been going on,' he said bracingly.  'Oh yeah,' said Sirius sarcastically. 'Listening to Snape's reports, having to take all his snide hints that he's out there risking his life while I'm sat on my backside here having a nice comfortable time . . . asking me how the cleaning's going - '  'What cleaning?' asked Harry.  Trying to make this place fit for human habitation,' said Sirius, waving a hand around the dismal kitchen. 'No one's lived here for ten years, not since my dear mother died, unless you count her old house-elf, and he's gone round the twist - hasn't cleaned anything in ages.'  'Sirius,' said Mundungus, who did not appear to have paid any attention to the conversation, but had been closely examining an empty goblet. This solid silver, mate?'  'Yes,' said Sirius, surveying it with distaste. 'Finest fifteenth-century goblin-wrought silver, embossed with the Black family crest.'  'That'd come orf, though,' muttered Mundungus, polishing it with his cuff.  'Fred - George - NO, JUST CARRY THEM!' Mrs Weasley shrieked.  Harry, Sirius and Mundungus looked round and, within a split second, they had dived away from the table. Fred and George had bewitched a large cauldron of stew, an iron flagon of Butterbeer and a heavy wooden breadboard, complete with knife, to hurtle through the air towards them. The stew skidded the length of the table and came to a halt just before the end, leaving a long black burn on the wooden surface	 the flagon of Butterbeer fell with a crash, spilling its contents everywhere	 the bread knife slipped off the board and landed, point down and quivering ominously, exactly where Sirius's right hand had been seconds before.  'FOR HEAVEN'S SAKE!' screamed Mrs Weasley. THERE WAS NO NEED - I'VE HAD ENOUGH OF THIS - JUST BECAUSE YOU'RE ALLOWED TO USE MAGIC NOW, YOU DON'T HAVE TO WHIP YOUR WANDS OUT FOR EVERY TINY LITTLE THING!'  'We were just trying to save a bit of time!' said Fred, hurrying forward to wrench the bread knife out of the table. 'Sorry, Sirius, mate - didn't mean to - '  Harry and Sirius were both laughing	 Mundungus, who had toppled backwards off his chair, was swearing as he got to his feet	 Crookshanks had given an angry hiss and shot off under the dresser, from where his large yellow eyes glowed in the darkness.  'Boys,' Mr Weasley said, lifting the stew back into the middle of the table, 'your mother's right, you re supposed to show a sense f responsibility now you've come of age - '  'None of your brothers caused this sort of trouble!' Mrs Weasley raged at the twins as she slammed a fresh flagon of Butterbeer on lo the table, and spilling almost as much again. 'Bill didn't feel the need to Apparate every few feet! Charlie didn't charm everything he met! Percy - '  She stopped dead, catching her breath with a frightened look at her husband, whose expression was suddenly wooden.  'Let's eat,' said Bill quickly.  'It looks wonderful, Molly,' said Lupin, ladling stew on to a plate lor her and handing it across the table.  For a few minutes there was silence but for the chink of plates and cutlery and the scraping of chairs as everyone settled down to their food. Then Mrs Weasley turned to Sirius.  'I've been meaning to tell you, Sirius, there's something trapped in that writing desk in the drawing room, it keeps rattling and shaking. Of course, it could just be a Boggart, but I thought we ought to ask Alastor to have a look at it before we let it out.'  'Whatever you like,' said Sirius indifferently.  The curtains in there are full of Doxys, too,' Mrs Weasley went on. 'I thought we might try and tackle them tomorrow.'  'I look forward to it,' said Sirius. Harry heard the sarcasm in his voice, but he was not sure that anyone else did.  Opposite Harry, Tonks was entertaining Hermione and Ginny by transforming her nose between mouthfuls. Screwing up her eyes each time with the same pained expression she had worn back in Harry's bedroom, her nose swelled to a beak-like protuberance that resembled Snape's, shrank to the size of a button mushroom and then sprouted a great deal of hair from each nostril. Apparently this was a regular mealtime entertainment, because Hermione and Ginny were soon requesting their favourite noses.  'Do that one like a pig snout, Tonks.'  Tonks obliged, and Harry, looking up, had the fleeting impression that a female Dudley was grinning at him from across - 'he table.  Mr Weasley, Bill and Lupin were having an intense discuss on about goblins.  They're not giving anything away yet,' said Bill. 'I still can't work out whether or not they believe he's back. Course, they might prefer not to take sides at all. Keep out of it.'  'I'm sure they'd never go over to You-Know-Who,' said Mr Weasley, shaking his head. They've suffered losses too	 remember that goblin family he murdered last time, somewhere near Nottingham?'  'I think it depends what they're offered,' said Lupin. 'And I'm not talking about gold. If they're offered the freedoms we've been denying them for centuries they're going to be tempted. Have you still not had any luck with Ragnok, Bill?'  'He's feeling pretty anti-wizard at the moment,' said Bill, 'he hasn't stopped raging about the Bagman business, he reckons the Ministry did a cover-up, those goblins never got their gold from him, you know - '  A gale of laughter from the middle of the table drowned the rest of Bill's words. Fred, George, Ron and Mundungus were rolling around in their seats.  '. . . and then,' choked Mundungus, tears running down his face, 'and then, if you'll believe it, 'e says to me, 'e says, ' Ere, Dung, where didja get all them toads from? 'Cos some son of a Sludger's gone and nicked all mine! And I says, Nicked all your toads, Will, what next? So you'll be wanting some more, then? And if you'll believe me, lads, the gormless gargoyle buys all 'is own toads back orf me for a lot more'n what 'e paid in the first place - '  'I don't think we need to hear any more of your business dealings, thank you very much, Mundungus,' said Mrs Weasley sharply, as Ron slumped forwards on to the table, howling with laughter.  'Beg pardon, Molly,' said Mundungus at once, wiping his eyes and winking at Harry. 'But, you know, Will nicked 'em orf Warty Harris in the first place so I wasn't really doing nothing wrong.'  'I don't know where you learned about right and wrong, Mundungus, but you seem to have missed a few crucial lessons,' said Mrs Weasley coldly.  Fred and George buried their faces in their goblets of Butterbeer	 George was hiccoughing. For some reason, Mrs Weasley threw a very nasty look at Sirius before getting to her feet and going to fetch a large rhubarb crumble for pudding. Harry looked round at his godfather.  'Molly doesn't approve of Mundungus,' said Sirius in an undertone.  'How come he's in the Order?' Harry said, very quietly.  'He's useful,' Sirius muttered. 'Knows all the crooks - well, he would, seeing as he's one himself. But he's also very loyal to Dumbledore, who helped him out of a tight spot once. It pays to have someone like Dung around, he hears things we don't. But Molly thinks inviting him to stay for dinner is going too far. She hasn't forgiven him for slipping off duty when he was supposed to be tailing you.'  Three helpings of rhubarb crumble and custard later and I he waistband on Harry's jeans was feeling uncomfortably tight (which was saying something as the jeans had once been Dudley's). As he laid down his spoon there was a lull in the general conversation: Mr Weasley was leaning back in his chair, looking replete and relaxed	 Tonks was yawning widely, her nose now back to normal	 and Ginny, who had lured Crookshanks out from under the dresser, was sitting cross-legged on the floor, rolling Butterbeer corks for him to chase.  'Nearly time for bed, I think,' said Mrs Weasley with a yawn.  'Not just yet, Molly,' said Sirius, pushing away his empty plate and turning to look at Harry. 'You know, I'm surprised at you. I thought the first thing you'd do when you got here would be to start asking questions about Voldemort.'  The atmosphere in the room changed with the rapidity Harry associated with the arrival of Dementors. Where seconds before it had been sleepily relaxed, it was now alert, even tense. A frisson had gone around the table at the mention of Voldemort's name. Lupin, who had been about to take a sip of wine, lowered his goblet slowly, looking wary.  'I did!' said Harry indignantly. 'I asked Ron and Hermione but they said we're not allowed in the Order, so - '  'And they're quite right,' said Mrs Weasley. 'You're too young.'  She was sitting bolt upright in her chair, her fists clenched an its arms, every trace of drowsiness gone.  'Since when did someone have to be in the Order of the Phoenix to ask questions?' asked Sirius. 'Harry's been trapped in that Muggle house for a month. He's got the right to know what's been happen-'  'Hang on!' interrupted George loudly.  'How come Harry gets his questions answered?' said Fred angrily.  'We've been trying to get stuff out of you for a month and y du haven't told us a single stinking thing!' said George.  ' You're too young, you're not in the Order, ' said Fred, in a high-pitched voice that sounded uncannily like his mother's. 'Harry's not even of age!'  'It's not my fault you haven't been told what the Order's doing,' said Sirius calmly, 'that's your parents' decision. Harry, on the other hand - '  'It's not down to you to decide what's good for Harry!' said Mrs Weasley sharply. The expression on her normally kind face looked dangerous. 'You haven't forgotten what Dumbledore said, I suppose?'  'Which bit?' Sirius asked politely, but with the air of a man readying himself for a fight.  The bit about not telling Harry more than he needs to know,' said Mrs Weasley, placing a heavy emphasis on the last three words.  Ron, Hermione, Fred and Georges heads swivelled from Sirius to Mrs Weasley as though they were following a tennis rally. Ginny was kneeling amid a pile of abandoned Butterbeer corks, watching the conversation with her mouth slightly open. Lupin's eyes were fixed on Sirius.  'I don't intend to tell him more than he needs to know, Molly,' said Sirius. 'But as he was the one who saw Voldemort come back' (again, there was a collective shudder around the table at the name) 'he has more right than most to - '  'He's not a member of the Order of the Phoenix!' said Mrs Weasley. 'He's only fifteen and - '  'And he's dealt with as much as most in the Order,' said Sirius, 'and more than some.'  'No one's denying what he's done!' said Mrs Weasley, her voice rising, her fists trembling on the arms of her chair. 'But he's still - '  'He's not a child!' said Sirius impatiently.  'He's not an adult either!' said Mrs Weasley, the colour rising in her cheeks. 'He's not James, Sirius!'  'I'm perfectly clear who he is, thanks, Molly,' said Sirius coldly.  'I'm not sure you are!' said Mrs Weasley. 'Sometimes, the way you talk about him, it's as though you think you've got your best friend back!'  'What's wrong with that?' said Harry.  'What's wrong, Harry, is that you are not your father, however much you might look like him!' said Mrs Weasley, her eyes still boring into Sirius. 'You are still at school and adults responsible for you should not forget it!'  'Meaning I'm an irresponsible godfather?' demanded Sirius, his voice rising.  'Meaning you have been known to act rashly, Sirius, which is why Dumbledore keeps reminding you to stay at home and - '  'We'll leave my instructions from Dumbledore out of this, if you please!' said Sirius loudly.  'Arthur!' said Mrs Weasley rounding on her husband. 'Arthur, back me up!'  Mr Weasley did not speak at once. He took off his glasses and cleaned them slowly on his robes, not looking at his wife. Only when he had replaced them carefully on his nose did he reply.  'Dumbledore knows the position has changed, Molly. He accepts that Harry will have to be filled in, to a certain extent, now that he is staying at Headquarters.'  'Yes, but there's a difference between that and inviting him to ask whatever he likes!'  'Personally,' said Lupin quietly, looking away from Sirius at last, as Mrs Weasley turned quickly to him, hopeful that finally she was about to get an ally, 'I think it better that Harry gets the facts - 'not all the facts, Molly, but the general picture - from us, rather than a garbled version from . . . others.'  His expression was mild, but Harry felt sure Lupin, at least, knew that some Extendable Ears had survived Mrs Weasley's purge.  'Well,' said Mrs Weasley, breathing deeply and looking around the table for support that did not come, 'well . . . I can see I' going to be overruled. I'll just say this: Dumbledore must have had his reasons for not wanting Harry to know too much, and speaking as someone who has Harry's best interests at heart -'  'He's not your son,' said Sirius quietly.  'He's as good as,' said Mrs Weasley fiercely. 'Who else has he got?'  'He's got me!'  'Yes,' said Mrs Weasley, her lip curling, 'the thing is, it's been rather difficult for you to look after him while you've been locked up in Azkaban, hasn't it?'  Sirius started to rise from his chair.  'Molly, you're not the only person at this table who cares about Harry,' said Lupin sharply. 'Sirius, sit down.'  Mrs Weasleys lower lip was trembling. Sirius sank slowly back into his chair, his face white.  'I think Harry ought to be allowed a say in this,' Lupin continued, 'he's old enough to decide for himself.'  'I want to know what's been going on,' Harry said at once.  He did not look at Mrs Weasley. He had been touched by what she had said about his being as good as a son, but he was also impatient with her mollycoddling. Sirius was right, he was not a child.  'Very well,' said Mrs Weasley, her voice cracking. 'Ginny - Ron - Hermione - Fred - George - I want, you out of this kitchen, now.'  There was instant uproar.  'We're of age!' Fred and George bellowed together.  'If Harry's allowed, why can't I?' shouted Ron.  'Mum, I want to hear!' wailed Ginny  'NO!' shouted Mrs Weasley, standing up, her eyes overbright. 'I absolutely forbid - '  'Molly you can't stop Fred and George,' said Mr Weasley wearily. They are of age.'  They're still at school.'  'But they're legally adults now,' said Mr Weasley, in the same tired voice.  Mrs Weasley was now scarlet in the face.  'I - oh, all right then, Fred and George can stay, but Ron - '  'Harry'll tell me and Hermione everything you say anyway!' said Ron hotly. 'Won't - won't you?' he added uncertainly, meeting Harry's eyes.  For a split second, Harry considered telling Ron that he wouldn't tell him a single word, that he could try a taste of being kept in the dark and see how he liked it. But the nasty impulse vanished as they looked at each other.  'Course I will,' Harry said.  Ron and Hermione beamed.  'Fine!' shouted Mrs Weasley. 'Fine! Ginny - BED!'  Ginny did not go quietly. They could hear her raging and storming at her mother all the way up the stairs, and when she reached the hall Mrs Blacks ear-splitting shrieks were added to the din. Lupin hurried off to the portrait: to restore calm. It was only after he had returned, closing the kitchen door behind him and taking his seat at the table again, that Sirius spoke.  'OK, Harry . . . what do you want to know?'  Harry took a deep breath and asked the question that had obsessed him for the last month.  'Where's Voldemort?' he said, ignoring the renewed shudders and winces at the name. 'What's he doing? I've been trying to watch the Muggle news, and there hasn't been anything that looks like him yet, no funny deaths or anything.'  That's because there haven't been any funny deaths yet,' said Sirius, 'not as far as we know, anyway . . . and we know quite a let.'  'More than he thinks we do, anyway,' said Lupin.  'How come he's stopped killing people?' Harry asked. He knew Voldemort had murdered more than once in the last year alone.  'Because he doesn't want to draw attention to himself,' said Sirius. 'It would be dangerous for him. His comeback didn't come off quite the way he wanted it to, you see. He messed it up.'  'Or rather, you messed it up for him,' said Lupin, with a satisfied smile.  'How?' Harry asked, perplexed.  'You weren't supposed to survive!' said Sirius. 'Nobody apart from his Death Eaters was supposed to know he'd come back. But you survived to bear witness.'  'And the very last person he wanted alerted to his return the moment he got back was Dumbledore,' said Lupin. 'And you made sure Dumbledore knew at once.'  'How has that helped?' Harry asked.  'Are you kidding?' said Bill incredulously. 'Dumbledore was the only one You-Know-Who was ever scared of!'  Thanks to you, Dumbledore was able to recall the Order of the Phoenix about an hour after Voldemort returned,' said Sirius.  'So, what's the Order been doing?' said Harry, looking around at them all.  'Working as hard as we can to make sure Voldemort can't carry out his plans,' said Sirius.  'How d'you know what his plans are?' Harry asked quickly.  'Dumbledore's got a shrewd idea,' said Lupin, 'and Dumbledore's shrewd ideas normally turn out to be accurate.'  'So what does Dumbledore reckon he's planning?'  'Well, firstly, he wants to build up his army again,' said Sirius. 'In the old days he had huge numbers at his command: witches and wizards he'd bullied or bewitched into following him, his faithful Death Eaters, a great variety of Dark creatures. You heard him planning to recruit the giants	 well, they'll be just one of the groups he's after. He's certainly not going to try and take on the Ministry of Magic with only a dozen Death Eaters.'  'So you're trying to stop him getting more followers?'  'We're doing our best,' said Lupin.  'How?'  'Well, the main thing is to try and convince as many people as possible that You-Know-Who really has returned, to put them on their guard,' said Bill. 'It's proving tricky, though.'  'Why?'  'Because of the Ministry's attitude,' said Tonks. 'You saw Cornelius Fudge after You-Know-Who came back, Harry. Well, he hasn't shifted his position at all. He's absolutely refusing to believe it's happened.'  'But why?' said Harry desperately. 'Why's he being so stupid? If Dumbledore - '  'Ah, well, you've put your finger on the problem,' said Mr Weasley with a wry smile. 'Dumbledore.'  'Fudge is frightened of him, you see,' said Tonks sadly.  'Frightened of Dumbledore?' said Harry incredulously.  'Frightened of what he's up to,' said Mr Weasley. 'Fudge thinks Dumbledore's plotting to overthrow him. He thinks Dumbledore wants to be Minister for Magic.'  'But Dumbledore doesn't want - '  'Of course he doesn't,' said Mr Weasley. 'He's never wanted the Minister's job, even though a lot of people wanted him to take it when Millicent Bagnold retired. Fudge came to power instead, but  he's never quite forgotten how much popular support Dumbledore had, even though Dumbledore never applied for the job.'  'Deep down, Fudge knows Dumbledore's much cleverer than he is, a much more powerful wizard, and in the early days of his Ministry he was forever asking Dumbledore for help and advice,' said Lupin. 'But it seems he's become fond of power, and much more confident. He loves being Minister for Magic and he's m	 n-aged to convince himself that he's the clever one and Dumbledore's simply stirring up trouble for the sake of it.'  'How can he think that?' said Harry angrily. 'How can he think Dumbledore would just make it all up - that I'd make it all up?'  'Because accepting that Voldermort's back would mean trouble like the Ministry hasn't had to cope with for nearly fourteen yea 's,' said Sirius bitterly. 'Fudge just can't bring himself to face it. It's so much more comfortable to convince himself Dumbledore's lying to destabilise him.'  'You see the problem,' said Lupin. 'While the Ministry insists there is nothing to fear from Voldemort it's hard to convince people he's back, especially as they really don't want to believe it in the first place. What's more, the Ministry's leaning heavily on the Daily Prophet not to report any of what they're calling Dumbledore's rumour-mongering, so most of the wizarding community are completely unaware anything's happened, and that makes them easy targets for the Death Eaters if they're using the Imperius Curse.'  'But you're telling people, aren't you?' said Harry, looking around at Mr Weasley, Sirius, Bill, Mundungus, Lupin and Tonks. 'You're letting people know he's back?'  They all smiled humourlessly.  'Well, as everyone thinks I'm a mad mass-murderer and the Ministry's put a ten thousand Galleon price on my head, I can hardly stroll up the street and start handing out leaflets, can I?' said Sirius restlessly.  'And I'm not a very popular dinner guest with most of the community,' said Lupin. 'It's an occupational hazard of being a werewolf.'  'Tonks and Arthur would lose their jobs at the Ministry if they started shooting their mouths off,' said Sirius, 'and it's very important  for us to have spies inside the Ministry, because you can bet Voldemort will have them.'  'We've managed to convince a couple of people, though,' said Mr Weasley. Tonks here, for one - she's too young to have been in the Order of the Phoenix last time, and having Aurors on our side is a huge advantage - Kingsley Shacklebolt's been a real asset, too	 he's in charge of the hunt for Sirius, so he's been feeding the Ministry information that Sirius is in Tibet.'  'But if none of you are putting the news out that Voldemort's back - ' Harry began.  'Who said none of us are putting the news out?' said Sirius. 'Why d'you think Dumbledore's in such trouble?'  'What d'you mean?' Harry asked.  They're trying to discredit him,' said Lupin. 'Didn't you see the Daily Prophet last week? They reported that he'd been voted out of the Chairmanship of the International Confederation of Wizards because he's getting old and losing his grip, but it's not true	 he was voted out by Ministry wizards after he made a speech announcing Voldemort's return. They've demoted him from Chief Warlock on the Wizengamot - that's the Wizard High Court - and they're talking about taking away his Order of Merlin, First Class, too.'  'But Dumbledore says he doesn't care what they do as long as they don't take him off the Chocolate Frog Cards,' said Bill, grinning.  'It's no laughing matter,' said Mr Weasley sharply. 'If he carries on defying the Ministry like this he could end up in Azkaban, and the last thing we want is to have Dumbledore locked up. While You-Know-Who knows Dumbledore's out there and wise to what he's up to he's going to go cautiously. If Dumbledore's out of the way - well, You-Know-Who will have a clear field.'  'But if Voldemort's trying to recruit more Death Eaters it's bound to get out that he's come back, isn't it?' asked Harry desperately.  'Voldemort doesn't march up to people's houses and bang on their front doors, Harry,' said Sirius. 'He tricks, jinxes and blackmails them. He's well-practised at operating in secret. In any case, gathering followers is only one thing he's interested in. He's got other plans too, plans he can put into operation very quietly indeed, and he's concentrating on those for the moment.'  'What's he after apart from followers?' Harry asked swiftly. He thought he saw Sirius and Lupin exchange the most fleeting of looks before Sirius answered.  'Stuff he can only get by stealth.'  When Harry continued to look puzzled, Sirius said, 'Like a weapon. Something he didn't have last time.'  'When he was powerful before?'  'Yes.'  'Like what kind of weapon?' said Harry. 'Something worse than the Avada Kedavra - ?'  That's enough!'  Mrs Weasley spoke from the shadows beside the door. Harry hadn't noticed her return from taking Ginny upstairs. Her arms were crossed and she looked furious.  'I want you in bed, now. All of you,' she added, looking around at Fred, George, Ron and Hermione.  'You can't boss us - ' Fred began.  'Watch me,' snarled Mrs Weasley. She was trembling slightly as she looked at Sirius. 'You've given Harry plenty of information. Any more and you might just as well induct him into the Order straightaway.'  'Why not?' said Harry quickly. 'I'll join, I want to join, I want to fight.'  'No.'  It was not Mrs Weasley who spoke this time, but Lupin.  The Order is comprised only of overage wizards,' he said. 'Wizards who have left school,' he added, as Fred and George opened their mouths. There are dangers involved of which you can have no idea, any of you . . . I think Molly's right, Sirius. We've said enough.'  Sirius half-shrugged but did not argue. Mrs Weasley beckoned imperiously to her sons and Herrnione. One by one they stood up and Harry, recognising defeat, followed suit.,100,Order of the Phoenix,5	
Order of the Phoenix= The Noble and MostAncient House of Black Mrs Weasley followed them upstairs looking grim.  'I want you all to go straight to bed, no talking,' she said as they reached the first landing, 'we've got a busy clay tomorrow. I expect Ginny's asleep,' she added to Hermione, 'so try not to wake her up.'  'Asleep, yeah, right,' said Fred in an undertone, after Hermione bade them goodnight and they were climbing to the next floor. 'If Ginny's not lying awake waiting for Hermione to tell her everything they said downstairs then I'm a Flobberworm . . .'  'All right, Ron, Harry,' said Mrs Weasley on the second landing, pointing them into their bedroom. 'Off to bed with you.'  Night,' Harry and Ron said to the twins.  'Sleep tight,' said Fred, winking.  Mrs Weasley closed the door behind Harry with a sharp snap. The bedroom looked, if anything, even danker and gloomier than it had on first sight. The blank picture on the wall was now breathing very slowly and deeply, as though its invisible occupant was asleep. Harry put on his pyjamas, took off his glasses and climbed into his chilly bed while Ron threw Owl Treats up on top of the wardrobe to pacify Hedwig and Pigwidgeon, who were clattering around and rustling their wings restlessly.  'We can't let them out to hunt every night,' Ron explained as he pulled on his maroon pyjamas. 'Dumbledore doesn't want too many owls swooping around the square, thinks it'll look suspicious. Oh yeah . . . I forgot . . .'  He crossed to the door and bolted it.  'What're you doing that for?'  'Kreacher,' said Ron as he turned off the light. 'First night I was here he came wandering in at three in the morning. Trust me, you don't want to wake up and find him prowling around your room. Anyway . . .' he got into his bed, settled down under the co\ers then turned to look at Harry in the darkness	 Harry could see his outline by the moonlight filtering in through the grimy window, 'what d'you reckon?'  Harry didn't need to ask what Ron meant.  'Well, they didn't tell us much we couldn't have guessed, did they?' he said, thinking of all that had been said downstairs. 'I mean, all they've really said is that the Order's trying to stop pec pie joining Vol-'  There was a sharp intake of breath from Ron. -demon,' said Harry firmly. 'When are you going to start using his name? Sirius and Lupin do.'  Ron ignored this last comment.  'Yeah, you're right,' he said, 'we already knew nearly everything they told us, from using the Extendable Ears. The only new bit was - '  Crack.  'OUCH!'  'Keep your voice down, Ron, or Mum'll be back up here.'  'You two just Apparated on my knees!'  'Yeah, well, it's harder in the dark.'  Harry saw the blurred outlines of Fred and George leaping down from Ron's bed. There was a groan of bedsprings and Harry's mattress descended a few inches as George sat down near his feet.  'So, got there yet?' said George eagerly.  The weapon Sirius mentioned?' said Harry.  'Let slip, more like,' said Fred with relish, now sitting next to Ron. 'We didn't hear about that on the old Extendables, did we?'  'What d'you reckon it is?' said Harry.  'Could be anything,' said Fred.  'But there can't be anything worse than the Avada Kedavra Curse, can there?' said Ron. 'What's worse than death?'  'Maybe it's something that can kill loads of people at once,' suggested George.  'Maybe it's some particularly painful way of killing people,' said Ron learfully.  'He's got the Cruciatus Curse for causing pain,' said Harry, 'he doesn't need anything more efficient than that.'  There was a pause and Harry knew that the others, like him, were wondering what horrors this weapon could perpetrate.  'So who d'you think's got it now?' asked George.  'I hope it's our side,' said Ron, sounding slightly nervous.  'If it is, Dumbledore's probably keeping it,' said Fred.  'Where?' said Ron quickly. 'Hogwarts?'  'Bet it is!' said George. That's where he hid the Philosopher's Stone.'  'A weapons going to be a lot bigger than the Stone, though!' said Ron.  'Not necessarily,' said Fred.  'Yeah, size is no guarantee of power,' said George. 'Look at Ginny'  'What d'you mean?' said Harry.  'You've never been on the receiving end of one of her Bat-Bogey Hexes, have you?'  'Shhh!' said Fred, half-rising from the bed. 'Listen!'  They fell silent. Footsteps were coming up the stairs.  'Mum,' said George and without further ado there was a loud crack and Harry felt the weight vanish from the end of his bed. A few seconds later, they heard the floorboard creak outside their door	 Mrs Weasley was plainly listening to check whether or not they were talking.  Hedwig and Pigwidgeon hooted dolefully. The floorboard creaked again and they heard her heading upstairs to check on Fred and George.  'She doesn't trust us at all, you know,' said Ron regretfully.  Harry was sure he would not be able to fall asleep	 the evening had been so packed with things to think about that he fully expected to lie awake for hours mulling it all over. He wanted to continue talking to Ron, but Mrs Weasley was now creaking back downstairs again, and once she had gone he distinctly heard others making their way upstairs . . . in fact, many-legged creatures were cantering softly up and down outside the bedroom door, and Hagrid the Care of Magical Creatures teacher was saying, 'Beauties, aren'ti they, eh, Harry? We'll be studyin' weapons this term . . .' and Harry saw hat the creatures had cannons for heads and were wheeling to ace him . . . he ducked . . .  The next thing he knew, he was curled into a warm ball under his bedclothes and George's loud voice was filling the room.  'Mum says get up, your breakfast is in the kitchen and then she needs you in the drawing room, there are loads more Doxys than she thought and she's found a nest of dead Puffskeins under the sofa.'  Half an hour later Harry and Ron, who had dressed and breakfasted quickly, entered the drawing room, a long, high-ceilinged room on the first floor with olive green walls covered in dirty .ap-estries. The carpet exhaled little clouds of dust every time someone put their foot on it and the long, moss green velvet curtains were buzzing as though swarming with invisible bees. It was aroand these that Mrs Weasley, Hermione, Ginny, Fred and George were grouped, all looking rather peculiar as they had each tied a cloth over their nose and mouth. Each of them was also holding a large bottle of black liquid with a nozzle at the end  'Cover your faces and take a spray,' Mrs Weasley said to Harry and Ron the moment she saw them, pointing to two more boitles of black liquid standing on a spindle-legged table. 'It's Doxycide. I've never seen an infestation this bad - what that house-elf's Veen doing for the last ten years - '  Hermione's face was half concealed by a tea towel but Harry distinctly saw her throw a reproachful look at Mrs Weasley.  'Kreachers really old, he probably couldn't manage - '  'You'd be surprised what Kreacher can manage when he wnnts to, Hermione,' said Sirius, who had just entered the room carrying a bloodstained bag of what appeared to be dead rats. 'I've just been feeding Buckbeak,' he added, in reply to Harry's enquiring look. 'I keep him upstairs in my mother's bedroom. Anyway . . . this writing desk . . .'  He dropped the bag of rats into an armchair, then bent over to examine the locked cabinet which, Harry now noticed for the first time, was shaking slightly.  'Well, Molly, I'm pretty sure this is a Boggart,' said Sirius, peering through the keyhole, 'but perhaps we ought to let Mad-Eye have a shifty at it before we let it out - knowing my mother, it could be something much worse.'  'Right you are, Sirius,' said Mrs Weasley.  They were both speaking in carefully light, polite voices that told Harry quite plainly that neither had forgotten their disagreement of the night before.  A loud, clanging bell sounded from downstairs, followed at once by the cacophony of screams and wails that had been triggered the previous night by Tonks knocking over the umbrella stand.  'I keep telling them not to ring the doorbell!' said Sirius exasperatedly, hurrying out of the room. They heard him thundering clown the stairs as Mrs Black's screeches echoed up through the house once more:  'Stains of dishonour, filthy half-breeds, blood traitors, children of flith . . .'  'Close the door, please, Harry,' said Mrs Weasley.  Harry took as much time as he dared to close the drawing-room door	 he wanted to listen to what was going on downstairs. Sirius had obviously managed to shut the curtains over his mothers portrait because she had stopped screaming. He heard Sirius walking down the hall, then the clattering of the chain on the front door, and then a deep voice he recognised as Kingsley Shacklebolt's saying, 'Hestia's just relieved me, so she's got Moody's Cloak now, thought I'd leave a report for Dumbledore . . .'  Feeling Mrs Weasley's eyes on the back of his head, Harry regretfully closed the drawing-room door and rejoined the Doxy party.  Mrs Weasley was bending over to check the page on Doxys in Gilderoy Lockhart's Guide to Household Pests, which was lying open on the sofa.  'Right, you lot, you need to be careful, because Doxys bite and their teeth are poisonous. I've got a bottle of antidote here, but I'd rather nobody needed it.'  She straightened up, positioned herself squarely in front of the curtains and beckoned them all forward.  'When I say the word, start spraying immediately,' she said. They'll come flying out at us, I expect, but it says on the sprays one good squirt will paralyse them. When they're immobilized, just throw them in this bucket.'  She stepped carefully out of their line of fire, and raised her own spray.  'All right - squirt!'  Harry had been spraying only a few seconds when a fully-grown Doxy came soaring out of a fold in the material, shiny beetle-like wings whirring, tiny needle-sharp teeth bared, its fairy-like body covered with thick black hair and its four tiny fists clenched with fury. Harry caught it full in the face with a blast of Doxycide. It froze in midair and fell, with a surprisingly loud thunk, on to the worn carpet below. Harry picked it up and threw it in the bucket.  'Fred, what are you doing?' said Mrs Weasley sharply. 'Spray that at once and throw it away!'  Harry looked round. Fred was holding a struggling Doxy between his forefinger and thumb.  'Right-o,' Fred said brightly, spraying the Doxy quickly in the face so that it fainted, but the moment Mrs Weasley's back was turned he pocketed it with a wink.  'We want to experiment with Doxy venom for our Skiving Snackboxes,' George told Harry under his breath.  Deftly spraying two Doxys at once as they soared straight for his nose, Harry moved closer to George and muttered out of the corner of his mouth, 'What are Skiving Snackboxes?'  'Range of sweets to make you ill,' George whispered, keeping a wary eye on Mrs Weasley's back. 'Not seriously ill, mind, just ill enough to get you out of a class when you feel like it. Fred and I have been developing them this summer. They're double-ended, colour-coded chews. If you eat the orange half of the Puking Pastilles, you throw up. Moment you've been rushed out of the lesson for the hospital wing, you swallow the purple half - '  '  - which restores you to full fitness, enabling you to pursue the leisure activity of your own choice during an hour that would otherwise have been devoted to unprofitable boredom. That's what we're putting in the adverts, anyway,' whispered Fred, who had edged over out of Mrs Weasley's line of vision and was now sweeping a few stray Doxys from the floor and adding them to his pocket. 'But they still need a bit of work. At the moment our testers are having a bit of trouble stopping themselves puking long enough to swallow the purple end.'  Testers?'  'Us,' said Fred. 'We take it in turns. George did the Fainting Fancies - we both tried the Nosebleed Nougat - '  'Mum thought we'd been duelling,' said George.  'Joke shop still on, then?' Harry muttered, pretending to be adjusting the nozzle on his spray.  'Well, we haven't had a chance to get premises yet,' said Fred, dropping his voice even lower as Mrs Weasley mopped her brow with her scarf before returning to the attack, 'so we're running it as a mail-order service at the moment. We put advertisements in the Daily Prophet last week.'  'All thanks to you, mate,' said George. 'But don't worry . . . Mum hasn't got a clue. She won't read the Daily Prophet any more, 'cause of it telling lies about you and Dumbledore.'  Harry grinned. He had forced the Weasley twins to take the thousand Galleons prize money he had won in the Triwizard Tournament to help them realise their ambition to open a joke shop, but he was still glad to know that his part in furthering their plans was unknown to Mrs Weasley. She did not think running a joke shop was a suitable career for two of her sons.  The de-Doxying of the curtains took most of the morning. It was past midday when Mrs Weasley finally removed her protective scarf, sank into a sagging armchair and sprang up again with a cry of disgust, having sat on the bag of dead rats. The curtains were no longer buzzing	 they hung limp and damp from the intensive spraying. At the foot of them unconscious Doxys lay crammed in the bucket beside a bowl of their black eggs, at which Crook-shanks was now sniffing and Fred and George were shooting covetous looks.  'I think we'll tackle (hose after lunch.' Mrs Weasley pointed at the dusty glass-fronted cabinets standing on either side of the mantelpiece. They were crammed with an odd assortment of objects: a selection of rusty daggers, claws, a coiled snakeskin, a number of tarnished silver boxes inscribed with languages Harry could lot understand and, least pleasant of all, an ornate crystal bottle with a large opal set into the stopper, full of what Harry was quite sure was blood.  The clanging doorbell rang again. Everyone looked at Mrs Weasley  'Stay here,' she said firmly, snatching up the bag of rats as Mrs Blacks screeches started up again from down below. 'I'll bring up some sandwiches.'  She left the room, closing the door carefully behind her. At once, everyone dashed over to the window to look down on the doorstep. They could see the top of an unkempt gingery head and a suck of precariously balanced cauldrons.  'Mundungus!' said Hermione. 'What's he brought all those cauldrons for?'  'Probably looking for a safe place to keep them,' said Harry. 'Isn't that what he was doing the night he was supposed to be tailing me? Picking up dodgy cauldrons?'  'Yeah, you're right!' said Fred, as the front door opened	 Mundungus heaved his cauldrons through it and disappeared from view. 'Blimey, Mum won't like that . . .'  He and George crossed to the door and stood beside it, listening closely. Mrs Black's screaming had stopped.  'Mundungus is talking to Sirius and Kingsley,' Fred muttered, frowning with concentration. 'Can't hear properly . . . d'you reckon we can risk the Extendable Ears?'  'Might be worth it,' said George. 'I could sneak upstairs and get a pair - '  But at that precise moment there was an explosion of sound from downstairs that rendered Extendable Ears quite unnecessary. All of them could hear exactly what Mrs Weasley was shouting at the top of her voice.  'WE ARE NOT RUNNING A HIDEOUT FOR STOLEN GOODS!'  'I love hearing Mum shouting at someone else,' said Fred, with a satisfied smile on his face as he opened the door an inch or so to allow Mrs Weasley's voice to permeate the room better, 'it makes such a nice change.'  ' - COMPLETELY IRRESPONSIBLE, AS IF WE HAVEN'T GOT ENOUGH TO WORRY ABOUT WITHOUT YOU DRAGGING STOLEN CAULDRONS INTO THE HOUSE - '  The idiots are letting her get into her stride,' said George, shaking his head. 'You've got to head her off early otherwise she builds up a head of steam and goes on for hours. And she's been dying to have a go at Mundungus ever since he sneaked off when he was supposed to be following you, Harry - and there goes Sirius's mum again.'  Mrs Weasley's voice was lost amid fresh shrieks and screams from the portraits in the hall.  George made to shut the door to drown the noise, but before he could do so, a house-elf edged into the room.  Except for the filthy rag tied like a loincloth around its middle, it was completely naked. It looked very old. Its skin seemed to be several times too big for it and, though it was bald like all house-elves, there was a quantity of white hair growing out of its large, batlike ears. Its eyes were a bloodshot and watery grey and its fleshy nose was large and rather snoutlike.  The elf took absolutely no notice of Harry and the rest. Acting as though it could not see them, it shuffled hunchbacked, slowly and doggedly, towards the far end of the room, all the while muttering under its breath in a hoarse, deep voice like a bullfrog's.  '. . . smells like a drain and a criminal to boot, but she's no better, nasty old blood traitor with her brats messing up my mistress's house, oh, my poor mistress, if she knew, if she knew the scum they've let into her house, what would she say to old Kreacher, oh, the shame of it, Mudbloods and werewolves and traitors and thieves, poor old Kreacher, what can he do . . .'  'Hello, Kreacher,' said Fred very loudly, closing the door with a snap.  The house-elf froze in his tracks, stopped muttering, and gave a very pronounced and very unconvincing start of surprise.  'Kreacher did not see young master,' he said, turning around and bowing to Fred. Still lacing the carpet, he added, perfectly audibly, 'Nasty little brat of a blood traitor it is.'  'Sorry?' said George. 'Didn't catch that last bit.'  'Kreacher said nothing,' said the elf, with a second box to George, adding in a clear undertone, 'and there its twin, unnataral little beasts they are.'  Harry didn't know whether to laugh or not. The elf straightened up, eyeing them all malevolently, and apparently convinced that they could not hear him as he continued to mutter.  '. . . and there's the Mudblood, standing there bold as brass, oh if my mistress knew, oh, how she'd cry, and there's a new boy, Kreacher doesn't know his name. What is he doing here? Kreacher doesn't know . . .  This is Harry, Kreacher,' said Hermione tentatively. 'Harry Potter.'  Kreacher's pale eyes widened and he muttered faster and more furiously than ever.  The Mudblood is talking to Kreacher as though she is my friend, if Kreacher's mistress saw him in such company, oh, what would she say - '  'Don't call her a Mudblood!' said Ron and Ginny together, very angrily.  'It doesn't matter,' Hermione whispered, 'he's not in his tight mind, he doesn't know what he's - '  'Don't kid yourself, Hermione, he knows exactly what he's saying,' said Fred, eyeing Kreacher with great dislike.  Kreacher was still muttering, his eyes on Harry.  'Is it true? Is it Harry Potter? Kreacher can see the scar, it must be true, that's the boy who stopped the Dark Lord, Kreacher wonders how he did it - '  'Don't we all, Kreacher,' said Fred.  'What do you want, anyway?' George asked.  Kreacher's huge eyes darted towards George.  'Kreacher is cleaning,' he said evasively.  'A likely story,' said a voice behind Harry.  Sirius had come back	 he was glowering at the elf from the doorway. The noise in the hall had abated	 perhaps Mrs Weasley and Mundungus had moved their argument down into the kitchen.  At the sight of Sirius, Kreacher flung himself into a ridiculously low bow that flattened his snoutlike nose on the floor.  'Stand up straight,' said Sirius impatiently. 'Now, what are you up to?'  'Kreacher is cleaning,' the elf repeated. 'Kreacher lives to serve lie Noble House of Black - '  'And it's getting blacker every day, it's filthy,' said Sirius.  'Master always liked his little joke,' said Kreacher, bowing again, and continuing in an undertone, 'Master was a nasty ungrateful swine who broke his mother's heart - '  'My mother didn't have a heart, Kreacher,' snapped Sirius. 'She kept herself alive out of pure spite.'  Kreacher bowed again as he spoke.  'Whatever Master says,' he muttered furiously. 'Master is not fit to wipe slime from his mother's boots, oh, my poor mistress, what would she say if she saw Kreacher serving him, how she hated him, what a disappointment he was - '  'I asked you what you were up to,' said Sirius coldly. 'Every time you show up pretending to be cleaning, you sneak something off to your room so we can't throw it out.'  'Kreacher would never move anything from its proper place in Master's house,' said the elf, then muttered very fast, 'Mistress would never forgive Kreacher if the tapestry was thrown out, seven centuries it's been in the family, Kreacher must save it, Kreacher will not let Master and the blood traitors and the brats destroy it - '  'I thought it might be that,' said Sirius, casting a disdainful look at the opposite wall. 'She'll have put another Permanent Sticking Charm on the back of it, I don't doubt, but if I can get rid of it I certainly will. Now go away, Kreacher.'  It seemed that Kreacher did not dare disobey a direct order	 nevertheless, the look he gave Sirius as he shuffled out past him was full of deepest loathing and he muttered all the way out of the room.  ' - comes back from Azkaban ordering Kreacher around, oh, my poor mistress, what would she say if she saw the house now, scum living in it, her treasures thrown out, she swore he was no son of hers and he's back, they say he's a murderer too - '  'Keep muttering and I will be a murderer!' said Sirius irritably as he slammed the door shut on the elf.  'Sirius, he's not right in the head,' Hermione pleaded, 'I don't think he realises we can hear him.'  'He's been alone too long,' said Sirius, 'taking mad orders from my mothers portrait and talking to himself, but he was always a foul little - '  'If you could just set him free,' said Hermione hopefully, 'maybe - '  'We can't set him free, he knows too much about the Order	 said Sirius curtly. 'And anyway, the shock would kill him. You suggest to him that he leaves this house, see how he takes it.'  Sirius walked across the room to where the tapestry Kreacher had been trying to protect hung the length of the wall. Harry and the others followed.  The tapestry looked immensely old	 it was laded and looked as though Doxys had gnawed it in places. Nevertheless, the golden thread with which it was embroidered still glinted brightly enough to show them a sprawling family tree dating back (as far as Harry could tell) to the Middle Ages. Large words at the very top of the tapestry read:The Noble and Most Ancient House of BlackToujours pur''You're not on here!' said Harry, after scanning the bottom of the tree closely.  'I used to be there,' said Sirius, pointing at a small, round, charred hole in the tapestry, rather like a cigarette burn. 'My sweet old mother blasted me off after I ran away from home - Kreacher's quite fond of muttering the story under his breath.'  'You ran away from home?'  'When I was about sixteen,' said Sirius. 'I'd had enough.'  'Where did you go?' asked Harry, staring at him.  'Your dad's place,' said Sirius. 'Your grandparents were really good about it	 they sort of adopted me as a second son. Yeah, I camped out at your dads in the school holidays, and when I was seventeen I got a place of my own. My Uncle Alphard had left me a decent bit of gold - he's been wiped off here, too, that's probably why - anyway, after that I looked after myself. I was always welcome at Mr and Mrs Potters for Sunday lunch, though.'  'But . . . why did you . . .?'  'Leave?' Sirius smiled bitterly and ran his fingers through his long, unkempt hair. 'Because I hated the whole lot of them: my parents, with their pure-blood mania, convinced that to be a Black made you practically royal . . . my idiot brother, soft enough to believe them . . . that's him.'  Sirius jabbed a finger at the very bottom of the tree, at the name 'Regulus Black'. A date of death (some fifteen years previously) followed the date of birth.  'He was younger than me,' said Sirius, 'and a much better son, as I was constantly reminded.'  'But he died,' said Harry.  'Yeah,' said Sirius. 'Stupid idiot . . . he joined the Death Eaters.'  'You're kidding!'  'Come on, Harry, haven't you seen enough of this house to tell what kind of wizards my family were?' said Sirius testily.  'Were - were your parents Death Eaters as well?'  'No, no, but believe me, they thought Voldemort had the right idea, they were all for the purification of the wizarding race, getting rid of Muggle-borns and having pure-bloods in charge. They weren't alone, either, there were quite a few people, before Voldemort showed his true colours, who thought he had the right idea about things . . . they got cold feet when they saw what he was prepared to do to get power, though. But I bet my parents thought Regulus was a right little hero for joining up at first.'  'Was he killed by an Auror?' Harry asked tentatively.  'Oh, no,' said Sirius. 'No, he was murdered by Voldemort. Or on Voldemort's orders, more likely	 I doubt Regulus was ever important enough to be killed by Voldemort in person. From what I found out after he died, he got in so far, then panicked about what he: was being asked to do and tried to back out. Well, you don't just hand in your resignation to Voldemort. It's a lifetime of service or death.'  'Lunch,' said Mrs Weasley's voice.  She was holding her wand high in front of her, balancing a huge tray loaded with sandwiches and cake on its tip. She was very red in the face and still looked angry. The others moved over to her, eager for some food, but Harry remained with Sirius, who had bent closer to the tapestry.  'I haven't looked at this for years. There's Phineas Nigellu
Order of the Phoenix= The Ministry of Magic Harry awoke at half past five the next morning as abruptly and completely as if somebody had yelled in his ear. For a few moments he lay immobile as the prospect of the disciplinary hearing filled every tiny particle of his brain, then, unable to bear it, he leapt out of bed and put on his glasses. Mrs Weasley had laid out his freshly laundered jeans and T-shirt at the foot of his bed. Harry scrambled into them. The blank picture on the wall sniggered.  Ron was lying sprawled on his back with his mouth wide open, fast asleep. He did not stir as Harry crossed the room, stepped out on to the landing and closed the door softly behind him. Trying net to think of the next time he would see Ron, when they might no longer be fellow students at Hogwarts, Harry walked quietly down the stairs, past the heads of Kreacher's ancestors, and down into the kitchen.  He had expected it to be empty, but when he reached the door he heard the soft rumble of voices on the other side. He pushed it open and saw Mr and Mrs Weasley, Sirius, Lupin and Tonks sitting there almost as though they were waiting for him. All were fully dressed except Mrs Weasley, who was wearing a quilted purple dressing gown. She leapt to her feet the moment Harry entered.  'Breakfast,' she said as she pulled out her wand and hurried over to the fire.  'M - m - morning, Harry,' yawned Tonks. Her hair was blonde and curly this morning. 'Sleep all right?'  'Yeah,' said Harry.  'I've b - b - been up all night,' she said, with another shuddering yawn. 'Come and sit down . . .'  She drew out a chair, knocking over the one beside it ir the process.  'What do you want, Harry?' Mrs Weasley called. 'Porridge? Muffins? Kippers? Bacon and eggs? Toast?'  'Just - just toast, thanks,' said Harry.  Lupin glanced at Harry, then said to Tonks, 'What were you saying about Scrimgeour?'  'Oh . . . yeah . . . well, we need to be a bit more careful, he's been asking Kingsley and me funny questions . . .'  Harry felt vaguely grateful that he was not required to join in the conversation. His insides were squirming. Mrs Weasley placed a couple of pieces of toast and marmalade in front of him	 he tried to eat, but it was like chewing carpet. Mrs Weasley sat down on his other side and started fussing with his T-shirt, tucking in the label and smoothing out the creases across his shoulders. He wished she wouldn't.  '. . . and I'll have to tell Dumbledore I can't do night duty tomorrow, I'm just t - t - too tired,' Tonks finished, yawning hugely again.  'Ill cover for you,' said Mr Weasley. 'I'm OK, I've got a report to finish anyway  Mr Weasley was not wearing wizards' robes but a pair of pinstriped trousers and an old bomber jacket. He turned from Tonks to Harry.  'How are you feeling?'  Harry shrugged.  'It'll all be over soon,' Mr Weasley said bracingly. 'In a few hours' time you'll be cleared.'  Harry said nothing.  The hearings on my floor, in Amelia Bones's office. She's Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, and the one who'll be questioning you.'  'Amelia Bones is OK, Harry,' said Tonks earnestly. 'She's fair, she'll hear you out.'  Harry nodded, still unable to think of anything to say.  'Don't lose your temper,' said Sirius abruptly. 'Be polite and stick to the facts.'  Harry nodded again.  The law's on your side,' said Lupin quietly. 'Even underage wizards are allowed to use magic in life-threatening situations.'  Something very cold trickled down the back of Harry's neck	 for a moment he thought someone was putting a Disillusionment Charm on him, then he realised that Mrs Weasley was attacking his hair with a wet comb. She pressed hard on the top of his head.  'Doesn't it ever lie flat?' she said desperately.  Harry shook his head.  Mr Weasley checked his watch and looked up at Harry. I think we'll go now,' he said. 'We're a bit early, but I think you 11 be better off at the Ministry than hanging around here.'  'OK,' said Harry automatically, dropping his toast and getting to his feet.  'You'll be all right, Harry,' said Tonks, palling him on the arm.  'Good luck,' said Lupin. 'I'm sure it will be fine.'  'And if it's not,' said Sirius grimly, 'I'll see to Amelia Bones for you . . .'  Harry smiled weakly. Mrs Weasley hugged him.  'We've all got our fingers crossed,' she said.  'Right,' said Harry. 'Well . . . see you later then.'  He followed Mr Weasley upstairs and along the hall. He could hear Sirius's mother grunting in her sleep behind her curtains. Mr Weasley unbolted the door and they stepped out into the cold, grey dawn.  'You don't normally walk to work, do you?' Harry asked him, as they set off briskly around the square.  'No, I usually Apparate,' said Mr Weasley, 'but obviously you can't, and I think it's best we arrive in a thoroughly non-magical fashion . . . makes a better impression, given what you're being disciplined for . . .'  Mr Weasley kept his hand inside his jacket as they walked. Harry knew it was clenched around his wand. The run-down streets were al most deserted, but when they arrived at the miserable little underground station they found it already lull of early-morning commuters. As ever when he found himself in close proximity to Muggles going about their daily business, Mr Weasley was hard put to contain his enthusiasm.  'Simply fabulous,' he whispered, indicating the automatic ticket machines. 'Wonderfully ingenious.'  They're out of order,' said Harry, pointing at the sign.  'Yes, but even so . . .' said Mr Weasley, beaming at them fondly.  They bought their tickets instead from a sleepy-looking guard (Harry handled the transaction, as Mr Weasley was not very good with Muggle money) and five minutes later they were boarding an underground train that rattled them off towards the centre of London. Mr Weasley kept anxiously checking and re-checking the Underground Map above the windows.  'Four more stops, Harry . . . Three stops led now . . . Two stops to go, Harry . . .'  They got off at a station in the very heart of London, and were swept from the train in a tide of besuited men and women carrying briefcases. Up the escalator they went, through the ticket barrier (Mr Weasley delighted with the way the stile swallowed his ticket), and emerged on to a broad street lined with imposing-looking buildings and already full of traffic.  'Where are we?' said Mr Weasley blankly, and for one heart-stopping moment Harry thought they had got off at the wrong station despite Mr Weasley's continual references to the map	 but a second later he said, 'Ah yes . . . this way, Harry,' and led him down a side road.  'Sorry,' he said, 'but I never come by train and it all looks rather different from a Muggle perspective. As a matter of fact, I've never even used the visitors' entrance before.'  The further they walked, the smaller and less imposing the buildings became, until finally they reached a street that contained several rather shabby-looking offices, a pub and an overflowing skip. Harry had expected a rather more impressive location for the Ministry of Magic.  'Here we are,' said Mr Weasley brightly, pointing at an old red telephone box, which was missing several panes of glass and stood before a heavily graffitied wall. 'After you, Harry.'  He opened the telephone-box door.  Harry stepped inside, wondering what on earth this was about. Mr Weasley folded himself in beside Harry and closed the door. It was a tight fit	 Harry was jammed against the telephone apparatus, which was hanging crookedly from the wall as though a vandal had tried to rip it off. Mr Weasley reached past Harry for the receiver.  'Mr Weasley, I think this might be out of order, too,' Harry said.  'No, no, I'm sure its fine,' said Mr Weasley, holding the receiver above his head and peering at the dial. 'Let's see . . . six . . .' he dialled the number, 'two . . . four . . . and another four . . . and another two . . .'  As the dial whirred smoothly back into place, a cool female voice sounded inside the telephone box, not from the receiver in Mr Weasley's hand, but as loudly and plainly as though an invisible woman were standing right beside them.  'Welcome to the Ministry of Magic. Please state your name and business.'  'Er . . .' said Mr Weasley, clearly uncertain whether or not he should talk into the receiver. He compromised by holding the mouthpiece to his ear, 'Arthur Weasley, Misuse of Muggle Artefacts Office, here to escort Harry Potter, who has been asked to attend a disciplinary hearing . . .'  'Thank you,' said the cool female voice. 'Visitor, please take the badge and attach it to the front of your robes.'  There was a click and a rattle, and Harry saw something slide out of the metal chute where returned coins usually appeared. He picked it up: it was a square silver badge with Harry Potter, Disciplinary Hearing on it. He pinned it to the front of his T-shirt as the female voice spoke again.  'Visitor to the Ministry, you are required to submit to a search and present your wand for registration at the security desk, which is located at the far end of the Atrium '  The floor of the telephone box shuddered. They were sinking slowly into the ground. Harry watched apprehensively as the pavement seemed to rise up past the glass windows of the telephone box until darkness closed over their heads. Then he could see nothing at all	 he could hear only a dull grinding noise as the telephone box made its way down through the earth. After about a minute, though it felt much longer to Harry, a chink of golden light illuminated his feet and, widening, rose up his body, until it hit him in the face and he had to blink to stop his eyes watering.  'The Ministry of Magic wishes you a pleasant day,' said the woman's voice.  The door of the telephone box sprang open and Mr Weasley stepped out of it, followed by Harry, whose mouth had fallen open.  They were standing at one end of a very long and splendid hall with a highly polished, dark wood floor. The peacock blue ceiling was inlaid with gleaming golden symbols that kept moving and changing like some enormous heavenly noticeboard. The wall's on each side were panelled in shiny dark wood and had many gilded fireplaces set into them. Every few seconds a witch or wizard would emerge from one of the left-hand fireplaces with a soft whoosh. On the right-hand side, short queues were forming before each fireplace, waiting to depart.  Halfway down the hall was a fountain. A group of golden statues, larger than life-size, stood in the middle of a circular pool. Tallest of them all was a noble-looking wizard with his wand pointing straight up in the air. Grouped around him were a beautiful witch, a centaur, a goblin and a house-elf. The last three were all locking adoringly up at the witch and wizard. Glittering jets of water were flying from the ends of their wands, the point of the centaurs a tow, the tip of the goblin's hat and each of the house-elf's ears, so that the tinkling hiss of falling water was added to the pops and cracks of the Apparators and the clatter of footsteps as hundreds of witches and wizards, most of whom were wearing glum, early-morning looks, strode towards a set of golden gates at the far end of the hall  'This way,' said Mr Weasley.  They joined the throng, wending their way between the Ministry workers, some of whom were carrying tottering piles of parchment, others battered briefcases	 still others were reading the Daily Prophet while they walked. As they passed the fountain Harry saw silver Sickles and bronze Knuts glinting up at him from the bottom of the pool. A small smudged sign beside it read:ALL PROCEEDS FROM THE FOUNTAIN OF MAGICAL BRETHREN WILL BE GIVEN TO ST MUNGO'S HOSPITAL FOR MAGICAL MALADIES AND INJURIES.If I'm not expelled from Hogwarts, I'll put in ten Galleons, Harry found himself thinking desperately.  'Over here, Harry,' said Mr Weasley, and they stepped out of the stream of Ministry employees heading for the golden gates. Seated at a desk to the left, beneath a sign saying Security, a badly-shaven wizard in peacock blue robes looked up as they approached and put down his Daily Prophet.  'I'm escorting a visitor,' said Mr Weasley, gesturing towards Harry.  'Step over here,' said the wizard in a bored voice.  Harry walked closer to him and the wizard held up a long golden rod, thin and flexible as a car aerial, and passed it up and down Harry's front and back.  'Wand,' grunted the security wizard at Harry, putting down the golden instrument and holding out his hand.  Harry produced his wand. The wizard dropped it on to a strange brass instrument, which looked something like a set of scales with only one dish. It began to vibrate. A narrow strip of parchment came speeding out of a slit in the base. The wizard tore this off and read the writing on it.  'Eleven inches, phoenix-feather core, been in use four years. That correct?'  'Yes,' said Harry nervously.  'I keep this,' said the wizard, impaling the slip of parchment on a small brass spike. 'You get this back,' he added, thrusting the wand at Harry.  Thank you.'  'Hang on . . .' said the wizard slowly.  His eyes had darted from the silver visitor's badge on Harry's chest to his forehead.  Thank you, Eric,' said Mr Weasley firmly, and grasping Harry by the shoulder he steered him away from the desk and back into the stream of wizards and witches walking through the golden gates.  Jostled slightly by the crowd, Harry followed Mr Weasley through the gates into the smaller hall beyond, where at least twenty lifts stood behind wrought golden grilles. Harry and Mr Weasley joined the crowd around one of them. Nearby, stood a big bearded wizard holding a large cardboard box which was emitting rasping noises.  'All right, Arthur?' said the wizard, nodding at Mr Weasley.  What've you got there, Bob?' asked Mr Weasley, looking at the box.  'We're not sure,' said the wizard seriously. 'We thought it was a bog-standard chicken until it started breathing fire. Looks like a serious breach of the Ban on Experimental Breeding to me.'  With a great jangling and clattering a lift descended in front of them	 the golden grille slid back and Harry and Mr Weasley stepped into the lift with the rest of the crowd and Harry found himself jammed against the back wall. Several witches and wizards were looking at him curiously	 he stared at his feet to avoid catching anyone's eye, flattening his fringe as he did so. The grilles slid shut with a crash and the lift ascended slowly, chains rattling, while the same cool female voice Harry had heard in the telephone box rang out again.  'Level Seven, Department of Magical Games and Sports, incorporating the British and Irish Quidditch League Headquarters, Official Gobstones Club and Ludicrous Patents Office.'  The lift doors opened. Harry glimpsed an untidy-looking corridor, with various posters of Quidditch teams tacked lopsidedly on the walls. One of the wizards in the lift, who was carrying an armful of broomsticks, extricated himself with difficulty and disappeared down the corridor. The doors closed, the lift juddered upwards again and the woman's voice announced:  'Level Six, Department of Magical Transportation, incorporating the Floo Network Authority, Broom Regulatory Control, Portkey Office and Apparation Test Centre.'  Once again the lift doors opened and four or five witches and wizards got out	 at the same time, several paper aeroplanes swooped into the lift. Harry stared up at them as they flapped idly around above his head	 they were a pale violet colour and he could see Ministry of Magic stamped along the edge of their wings.  'Just inter-departmental memos,' Mr Weasley muttered to him. 'We used to use owls, but the mess was unbelievable . . . droppings a I over the desks  As they clattered upwards again the memos flapped around the lamp swaying from the lift's ceiling.  'Level Five, Department of International Magical Co-operation, incorporating the International Magical Trading Standards Body, the International Magical Office of Law and the International Confederation of Wizards, British Seats.'  When the doors opened, two of the memos zoomed out with a few more of the witches and wizards, but several more memos zoomed in, so that the light from the lamp flickered and flashed overhead as they darted around it.  'Level Four, Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, incorporating Beast, Being and Spirit Divisions, Goblin Liaison Office and Pest Advisory Bureau.  ' 'S'cuse,' said the wizard carrying the fire-breathing chicken and he left the lift pursued by a little flock of memos. The doors clanged shut yet again.  'Level Three, Department of Magical Accidents and Catastrophes, including the Accidental Magic Reversal Squad, Obliviator Headquarters and Muggle-Worthy Excuse Committee.'  Everybody left the lift on this floor except Mr Weasley, Harry and a witch who was reading an extremely long piece of parchment that was trailing on the floor. The remaining memos continued to soar around the lamp as the lift juddered upwards again, then the doors opened and the voice made its announcement.  'Level Two, Department of Magical Law Enforcement, including the Improper Use of Magic Office, Auror Headquarters and Wizengamot Administration Services.'  'This is us, Harry,' said Mr Weasley, and they followed the witch out of the lift into a corridor lined with doors. 'My office is on the other side of the floor.'  'Mr Weasley,' said Harry, as they passed a window through which sunlight was streaming, 'aren't we still underground?'  'Yes, we are,' said Mr Weasley. Those are enchanted windows. Magical Maintenance decide what weather we'll get every day. We had two months of hurricanes last time they were angling for a pay rise . . . Just round here, Harry.'  They turned a corner, walked through a pair of heavy oak doors and emerged in a cluttered open area divided into cubicles, which was buzzing with talk and laughter. Memos were zooming in and out of cubicles like miniature rockets. A lopsided sign on the nearest cubicle read: Auror Headquarters.  Harry looked surreptitiously through the doorways as they passed. The Aurors had covered their cubicle walls with everything From pictures of wanted wizards and photographs of their families, to posters of their favourite Quidditch teams and articles from the Daily Prophet. A scarlet-robed man with a ponytail longer than Bill's was sitting with his boots up on his desk, dictating a report to his quill. A little further along, a witch with a patch over one eye was talking over the top of her cubicle wall to Kingsley Shacklebolt.  'Morning, Weasley,' said Kingsley carelessly, as they drew nearer. I've been wanting a word with you, have you got a second?'  'Yes, if it really is a second,' said Mr Weasley, 'I'm in rather a hurry.'  They were talking as though they hardly knew each other and when Harry opened his mouth to say hello to Kingsley, Mr We ashy stood on his foot. They followed Kingsley along the row and into the very last cubicle.  Harry received a slight shock	 blinking down at him from every direction was Sirius's face. Newspaper cuttings and old photographs - even the one of Sirius being best man at the Potters' wedding - 'papered the walls. The only Sirius-free space was a map of the world in which little red pins were glowing like jewels.  'Here,' said Kingsley brusquely to Mr Weasley, shoving a sheaf of parchment into his hand. 'I need as much information as possible on flying Muggle vehicles sighted in the last twelve months. We've received information that Black might still be using his old motorcycle.'  Kingsley tipped Harry an enormous wink and added, in a whisper, 'Give him the magazine, he might find it interesting.' Then he said in normal tones, 'And don't take too long, Weasley, the delay on that firelegs report held our investigation up for a month.'  'If you had read my report you would know that the term is firearms,' said Mr Weasley coolly. 'And I'm afraid you'll have to wait for information on motorcycles	 we're extremely busy at the moment.' He dropped his voice and said, 'If you can get away before seven, Molly's making meatballs.'  He beckoned to Harry and led him out of Kingsley's cubicle, through a second set of oak doors, into another passage, turned left, marched along another corridor, turned right into a dimly lit and distinctly shabby corridor, and finally reached a dead end, where a door on the left stood ajar, revealing a broom cupboard, and a door on the right bore a tarnished brass plaque reading: Misuse of Muggle Artefacts.  Mr Weasley's dingy office seemed to be slightly smaller than the broom cupboard. Two desks had been crammed inside it and there was barely space to move around them because of all the overflowing filing cabinets lining the walls, on top of which were tottering piles of files. The little wall space available bore witness to Mr Weasley's obsessions: several posters of cars, including one of a dismantled engine	 two illustrations of postboxes he seemed to have cut out of Muggle children's books
Order of the Phoenix= The Hearing Harry gasped	 he could not help himself. The large dungeon he had entered was horribly familiar. He had not only seen it before, he had been here before. This was the place he had visited inside Dumbledore's Pensieve, the place where he had watched the Lestranges sentenced to life imprisonment in Azkaban.  The walls were made of dark stone, dimly lit by torches. Empty benches rose on either side of him, but ahead, in the highest benches of all, were many shadowy figures. They had been talking in low voices, but as the heavy door swung closed behind Harry an ominous silence fell.  A cold male voice rang across the courtroom.  'You're late.'  'Sorry,' said Harry nervously. 'I - I didn't know the time had been changed.'  'That is not the Wizengamot's fault,' said the voice. 'An owl was sent to you this morning. Take your seat.'  Harry dropped his gaze to the chair in the centre of the room, the arms of which were covered in chains. He had seen those chains spring to life and bind whoever sat between them. His footsteps echoed loudly as he walked across the stone floor. When he sat gingerly on the edge of the chair the chains clinked threateningly, but did not bind him. Feeling rather sick, he looked up at the people seated at the bench above.  There were about fifty of them, all, as far as he could see, wearing plum-coloured robes with an elaborately worked silver 'W' on the left-hand side of the chest and all staring down their noses at him, some with very austere expressions, others looks of frank curiosity.  In the very middle of the front row sat Cornelius Fudge, the Minister for Magic. Fudge was a portly man who often sported a lime-green bowler hat, though today he had dispensed with it	 he had dispensed, too, with the indulgent smile he had once worn when he spoke to Harry. A broad, square-jawed witch with very short grey hair sat on Fudges left	 she wore a monocle and looked forbidding. On Fudges right was another witch, but she was sitting so far back on the bench that her face was in shadow.  'Very well,' said Fudge. 'The accused being present - finally - let us begin. Are you ready?' he called down the row.  'Yes, sir,' said an eager voice Harry knew. Ron's brother Percy was sitting at the very end of the front bench. Harry looked at Percy, expecting some sign of recognition from him, but none came. Percy's eyes, behind his horn-rimmed glasses, were fixed on his parchment, a quill poised in his hand.  'Disciplinary hearing of the twelfth of August,' said Fudge in a ringing voice, and Percy began taking notes at once, 'into offences committed under the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery and the International Statute of Secrecy by Harry-James Potter, resident at number four, Privet Drive, Little Whinging, Surrey.  'Interrogators: Cornelius Oswald Fudge, Minister for Magic	 Amelia Susan Bones, Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement	 Dolores Jane Umbridge, Senior Undersecretary to the Minister. Court Scribe, Percy Ignatius Weasley - '  'Witness for the defence, Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore,' said a quiet voice from behind Harry, who turned his head so fast he cricked his neck.  Dumbledore was striding serenely across the room wearing long midnight-blue robes and a perfectly calm expression. His long silver beard and hair gleamed in the torchlight as he drew level with Harry and looked up at Fudge through the half-moon spectacles that rested halfway down his very crooked nose.  The members of the Wizengamot were muttering. All eyes were now on Dumbledore. Some looked annoyed, others slightly frightened	 two elderly witches in the back row, however, raised their hands and waved in welcome.  A powerful emotion had risen in Harry's chest at the sight of Dumbledore, a fortified, hopeful feeling rather like that which phoenix song gave him. He wanted to catch Dumbledore's eye, but Dumbledore was not looking his way	 he was continuing to look up at the obviously flustered Fudge.  'Ah,' said Fudge, who looked thoroughly disconcerted. 'Dumbledore. Yes. You - er - got our - er - message that the time and - er - place of the hearing had been changed, then?'  'I must have missed it,' said Dumbledore cheerfully. 'However, due to a lucky mistake I arrived at the Ministry three hours early, so no harm done.'  'Yes - well - I suppose we'll need another chair - I - Weasley, could you - ?'  'Not to worry, not to worry,' said Dumbledore pleasantly	 he took out his wand, gave it a little flick, and a squashy chintz armchair appeared out of nowhere next to Harry. Dumbledore sat down, out the tips of his long fingers together and surveyed Fudge over them with an expression of polite interest. The Wizengamot was still muttering and fidgeting restlessly	 only when Fudge spoke again did they settle down.  'Yes,' said Fudge again, shuffling his notes. 'Well, then. So. The charges. Yes.'  He extricated a piece of parchment from the pile before him, took a deep breath, and read out, The charges against the accused are as follows:  That he did knowingly, deliberately and in full awareness of the illegality of his actions, having received a previous written warning from the Ministry of Magic on a similar charge, produce a Patronus Charm in a Muggle-inhabited area, in the presence of a Muggle, on the second of August at twenty-three minutes past nine, which constitutes an offence under Paragraph C of the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery, 1875, and also under Section 13 of the International Confederation of Warlocks' Statute of Secrecy.  'You are Harry James Potter, of number four, Privet Drive, Little Whinging, Surrey?' Fudge said, glaring at Harry over the top of his parchment.  'Yes,' Harry said.  'You received an official warning from the Ministry for using illegal magic three years ago, did you not?'  'Yes, but - '  'And yet you conjured a Patronus on the night of the second of August?' said Fudge.  'Yes,' said Harry, 'but - '  'Knowing that you are not permitted to use magic outside school while you are under the age of seventeen?'  'Yes, but - '  'Knowing that you were in an area full of Muggles?'  'Yes, but - '  'Fully aware that you were in close proximity to a Muggle at the time?'  'Yes,' said Harry angrily, 'but I only used it because we were - '  The witch with the monocle cut across him in a booming voice.  'You produced a fully-fledged Patronus?'  'Yes,' said Harry, 'because - '  'A corporeal Patronus?'  'A - what?' said Harry.  'Your Patronus had a clearly defined form? I mean to say, it was more than vapour or smoke?'  'Yes,' said Harry, feeling both impatient and slightly desperate, 'it's a stag, it's always a stag.'  'Always?' boomed Madam Bones. 'You have produced a Patronus before now?'  'Yes,' said Harry, 'I've been doing it for over a year.'  'And you are fifteen years old?'  'Yes, and - '  'You learned this at school?'  'Yes, Professor Lupin taught me in my third year, because of the - '  'Impressive,' said Madam Bones, staring down at him, 'a true Patronus at his age . . . very impressive indeed.'  Some of the wizards and witches around her were muttering again	 a few nodded, but others were frowning and shaking their heads.  'It's not a question of how impressive the magic was,' said Fudge in a testy voice, 'in fact, the more impressive the worse it is, I would have thought, given that the boy did it in plain view of a Muggle!'  Those who had been frowning now murmured in agreement, but it was the sight of Percy's sanctimonious little nod that goaded Harry into speech.  'I did it because of the Dementors!' he said loudly, before anyone could interrupt him again.  He had expected more muttering, but the silence that fell seemed to be somehow denser than before.  'Dementors?' said Madam Bones after a moment, her thick eyebrows rising until her monocle looked in danger of falling out. 'What do you mean, boy?'  'I mean there were two Dementors down that alleyway and they went for me and my cousin!'  'Ah,' said Fudge again, smirking unpleasantly as he looked around at the Wizengamot, as though inviting them to share the joke. 'Yes. Yes, I thought we'd be hearing something like this.'  'Dementors in Little Whinging?' Madam Bones said, in a tone of great surprise. 'I don't understand - '  'Don't you, Amelia?' said Fudge, still smirking. 'Let me explain. He's been thinking it through and decided Dementors would make a very nice little cover story very nice indeed. Muggles can't see Dementors, can they, boy? Highly convenient, highly convenient . . . so it's just your word and no witnesses . . .'  'I'm not lying!' said Harry loudly, over another outbreak of muttering from the court. There were two of them, coming from opposite ends of the alley everything went dark and cold and my cousin felt them and ran for it - '  'Enough, enough!' said Fudge, with a very supercilious look on his face. 'I'm sorry to interrupt what I'm sure would have been a very well-rehearsed story - '  Dumbledore cleared his throat. The Wizengamot fell silent again.  'We do, in fact, have a witness to the presence of Dementors in that alleyway,' he said, 'other than Dudley Dursley, I mean.'  Fudges plump face seemed to slacken, as though somebody had let air out of it. He stared down at Dumbledore for a moment or two, then, with the appearance of a man pulling himself back together, said, 'We haven't got time to listen to more tarradiddles, I'm afraid, Dumbledore. I want this dealt with quickly - '  'I may be wrong,' said Dumbledore pleasantly, 'but I am sure that under the Wizengamot Charter of Rights, the accused has the right to present witnesses for his or her case? Isn't that the policy of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, Madam Bones?' he continued, addressing the witch in the monocle.  'True,' said Madam Bones. 'Perfectly true.'  'Oh, very well, very well,' snapped Fudge. 'Where is this person?'  'I brought her with me,' said Dumbledore. 'She's just outside the door. Should I - ?'  'No - Weasley, you go,' Fudge barked at Percy, who got up at once, ran down the stone steps from the judge's balcony and hurried past Dumbledore and Harry without glancing at them.  A moment later, Percy returned, followed by Mrs Figg. She looked scared and more batty than ever. Harry wished she had thought to change out of her carpet slippers.  Dumbledore stood up and gave Mrs Figg his chair, conjuring a second one for himself.  'Full name?' said Fudge loudly, when Mrs Figg had perched herself nervously on the very edge of her seat.  'Arabella Doreen Figg,' said Mrs Figg in her quavery voice.  'And who exactly are you?' said Fudge, in a bored and lofty voice  'I'm a resident of Little Whinging, close to where Harry Potter lives,' said Mrs Figg.  'We have no record of any witch or wizard living in Little Whinging, other than Harry Potter,' said Madam Bones at once 'That situation has always been closely monitored, given . . . given past events.'  'I'm a Squib,' said Mrs Figg. 'So you wouldn't have me registered, would you?'  'A Squib, eh?' said Fudge, eyeing her closely. 'We'll be checking that. You'll leave details of your parentage with my assistant Weasley. Incidentally, can Squibs see Dementors?' he added, looking left and right along the bench.  Yes, we can!' said Mrs Figg indignantly.  Fudge looked back down at her, his eyebrows raised. 'Very well,' he said aloofly. 'What is your story?'  'I had gone out to buy cat food from the corner shop at the end of Wisteria Walk, around about nine o'clock, on the evening of the second of August,' gabbled Mrs Figg at once, as though she had learned what she was saying by heart, 'when I heard a disturbance down the alleyway between Magnolia Crescent and Wisteria Walk. On approaching the mouth of the alleyway I saw Dementors running - '  'Running?' said Madam Bones sharply. 'Dementors don't run, they glide.'  'That's what I meant to say,' said Mrs Figg quickly, patches of pink appearing in her withered cheeks. 'Gliding along the alley towards what looked like two boys.'  'What did they look like?' said Madam Bones, narrowing her eyes so that the edge of the monocle disappeared into her flesh.  'Well, one was very large and the other one rather skinny - '  'No, no,' said Madam Bones impatiently. 'The Dementors . . . describe them.'  'Oh,' said Mrs Figg, the pink flush creeping up her neck now. They were big. Big and wearing cloaks.  Harry felt a horrible sinking in the pit of his stomach. Whatever Mrs Figg might say, it sounded to him as though the most she had ever seen was a picture of a Dementor, and a picture could never convey the truth of what these beings were like: the eerie way they moved, hovering inches over the ground	 or the rotting smell of them	 or that terrible rattling noise they made as they sucked on the surrounding air . . .  In the second row, a dumpy wizard with a large black moustache leaned close to whisper in the ear of his neighbour, a frizzy-haired witch. She smirked and nodded.  'Big and wearing cloaks,' repeated Madam Bones coolly, while Fudge snorted derisively. 'I see. Anything else?'  'Yes,' said Mrs Figg. 'I felt them. Everything went cold, and this was a very warm summer's night, mark you. And I felt . . . as though all happiness had gone from the world . . . and I remembered . . . dreadful things . . .'  Her voice shook and died.  Madam Bones's eyes widened slightly. Harry could see red marks under her eyebrow where the monocle had dug into it.  'What did the Dementors do?' she asked, and Harry felt a rush of hope.  They went for the boys,' said Mrs Figg, her voice stronger and more confident now, the pink flush ebbing away from her face. 'One of them had fallen. The other was backing away, trying to repel the Dementor. That was Harry. He tried twice and produced only silver vapour. On the third attempt, he produced a Patronus, which charged down the first Dementor and then, with his encouragement, chased the second one away from his cousin. And that . . . that is what happened,' Mrs Figg finished, somewhat lamely.  Madam Bones looked down at Mrs Figg in silence. Fudge was not looking at her at all, but fidgeting with his papers. Finally, he raised his eyes and said, rather aggressively, That's what you saw, is it?'  That is what happened,' Mrs Figg repeated.  'Very well,' said Fudge. 'You may go.'  Mrs Figg cast a frightened look from Fudge to Dumbledore, then got up and shuffled off towards the door. Harry heard it thud shut behind her.  'Not a very convincing witness,' said Fudge loftily.  'Oh, I don't know,' said Madam Bones, in her booming voice. 'She certainly described the effects of a Dementor attack very accurately. And I can't imagine why she would say they were there if they weren't.'  'But Dementors wandering into a Muggle suburb and just happening to come across a wizard?' snorted Fudge. The odds on that must be very, very long. Even Bagman wouldn't have bet - '  'Oh, I don't think any of us believe the Dementors were there by coincidence,' said Dumbledore lightly.  The witch sitting to the right of Fudge, with her face in shade w, moved slightly but everyone else was quite still and silent.  'And what is that supposed to mean?' Fudge asked icily.  'It means that I think they were ordered there,' said Dumbledore.  'I think we might have a record of it if someone had ordered a pair of Dementors to go strolling through Little Whinging!' barked Fudge.  'Not if the Dementors are taking orders from someone other than the Ministry of Magic these days,' said Dumbledore calmly. 'I have already given you my views on this matter, Cornelius.'  'Yes, you have,' said Fudge forcefully, 'and I have no reason to believe that your views are anything other than bilge, Dumbledore. The Dementors remain in place in Azkaban and are doing everything we ask them to.'  Then,' said Dumbledore, quietly but clearly, 'we must ask ourselves why somebody within the Ministry ordered a pair of Dementors into that alleyway on the second of August.'  In the complete silence that greeted these words, the witch to the right of Fudge leaned forwards so that Harry saw her for the first time.  He thought she looked just like a large, pale toad. She was rather squat with a broad, flabby face, as little neck as Uncle Vernon and a very wide, slack mouth. Her eyes were large, round and slightly bulging. Even the little black velvet bow perched on top of her short curly hair put him in mind of a large fly she was about to catch on a long sticky tongue.  The Chair recognises Dolores Jane Umbridge, Senior Undersecretary to the Minister,' said Fudge.  The witch spoke in a fluttery, girlish, high-pitched voice that took Harry aback	 he had been expecting a croak.  'I'm sure I must have misunderstood you, Professor Dumbledore,' she said, with a simper that felt her big, round eyes as cold as ever. 'So silly of me. But it sounded for a teensy moment as though you were suggesting that the Ministry of Magic had ordered an attack on this boy!'  She gave a silvery laugh that made the hairs on the back of Harry's neck stand up. A few other members of the Wizengamot laughed with her. It could not have been plainer that not one of them was really amused.  'If it is true that the Dementors are taking orders only from the Ministry of Magic, and it is also true that two Dementors attacked Harry and his cousin a week ago, then it follows logically that somebody at the Ministry might have ordered the attacks,' said Dumbledore politely. 'Of course, these particular Dementors may have been outside Ministry control - '  'There are no Dementors outside Ministry control! snapped Fudge, who had turned brick red.  Dumbledore inclined his head in a little bow.  'Then undoubtedly the Ministry will be making a full inquiry into why two Dementors were so very far from Azkaban and why they attacked without authorisation.'  'It is not for you to decide what the Ministry of Magic does or does not do, Dumbledore!' snapped Fudge, now a shade of magenta of which Uncle Vernon would have been proud.  'Of course it isn't,' said Dumbledore mildly. 'I was merely expressing my confidence that this matter will not go uninvestigated.'  He glanced at Madam Bones, who readjusted her monocle and stared back at him, frowning slightly.  'I would remind everybody that the behaviour of these Dementors, if indeed they are not figments of this boy's imagination, is not the subject of this hearing!' said Fudge. 'We are here to examine Harry Potter's offences under the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery!'  'Of course we are,' said Dumbledore, 'but the presence of Dementors in that alleyway is highly relevant. Clause Seven of the Decree states that magic may be used before Muggles in exceptional circumstances, and as those exceptional circumstances include situations which threaten the life of the wizard or witch him- or herself, or any witches, wizards or Muggles present at the time of the - '  'We are familiar with Clause Seven, thank you very much!' snarled Fudge.  'Of course you are,' said Dumbledore courteously. Then we are in agreement that Harry's use of the Patronus Charm in these circumstances falls precisely into the category of exceptional circumstances the clause describes?'  'If there were Dementors, which I doubt.'  'You have heard it from an eyewitness,' Dumbledore interrupted.  'If you still doubt her truthfulness, call her back, question her again. I am sure she would not object.'  'I - that - not -' blustered Fudge, fiddling with the papers before him. 'It's - I want this over with today, Dumbledore!'  'But naturally, you would not care how many times you heard from a witness, if the alternative was a serious miscarriage of justice,' said Dumbledore.  'Serious miscarriage, my hat!' said Fudge at the top of his voice. 'Have you ever bothered to tot up the number of cock-and-bull stories this boy has come out with, Dumbledore, while trying to cover up his flagrant misuse of magic out of school? I suppose you've forgotten the Hover Charm he used three years ago - '  'That wasn't me, it was a house-elf!' said Harry.  'YOU SEE?' roared Fudge, gesturing flamboyantly in Harry's direction. 'A house-elf! In a Muggle house! I ask you.'  The house-elf in question is currently in the employ of Hogwarts School,' said Dumbledore. 'I can summon him here in an instant to give evidence if you wish.'  'I - not - I haven't got time to listen to house-elves! Anyway, that's not the only - he blew up his aunt, for Gods sake!' Fudge shouted, banging his fist on the judge's bench and upsetting a bottle of ink.  'And you very kindly did not press charges on that occasion, accepting, I presume, that even the best wizards cannot always control their emotions,' said Dumbledore calmly, as Fudge attempted to scrub the ink off his notes.  'And I haven't even started on what he gets up to at school.'  'But, as the Ministry has no authority to punish Hogwarts students for misdemeanours at school, Harry's behaviour there is not relevant to this hearing,' said Dumbledore, as politely as ever, but now with a suggestion of coolness behind his words.  'Oho!' said Fudge. 'Not our business what he does at school, eh? You think so?'  The Ministry does not have the power to expel Hogwarts students, Cornelius, as I reminded you on the night of the second of August,' said Dumbledore. 'Nor does it have the right to confiscate wands until charges have been successfully proven
Order of the Phoenix=The Woes of Mrs WeasleyDumbledore's abrupt departure took Harry completely by surprise. He remained sitting where he was in the chained chair, struggling with his feelings of shock and relief. The Wizengamot were all getting to their feet, talking, gathering up their papers and packing them away. Harry stood up. Nobody seemed to be paying him the slightest bit of attention, except the toadlike witch on Fudge's right, who was now gazing down at him instead of at Dumbledore. Ignoring her, he tried to catch Fudge's eye, or Madam Bones's, wanting to ask whether he was free to go, but Fudge seemed quite determined not to notice Harry, and Madam Bones was busy with her briefcase, so he took a lew tentative steps towards the exit and, when nobody called him back, broke into a very fast walk.  He took the last lew steps at a run, wrenched open the door and almost collided with Mr Weasley, who was standing right outside, looking pale and apprehensive.  'Dumbledore didn't say - '  'Cleared,' Harry said, pulling the door closed behind him, 'of all charges!'  Beaming, Mr Weasley seized Harry by the shoulders.  'Harry, that's wonderful! Well, of course, they couldn't have found you guilty, not on the evidence, but even so, I can't pretend I wasn't - '  But Mr Weasley broke off, because the courtroom door had ust opened again. The Wizengamot were filing out.  'Merlin's beard!' exclaimed Mr Weasley wonderingly, pulling Harry aside to let them all pass. 'You were tried by the lull court?'  'I think so,' said Harry quietly.  One or two of the wizards nodded to Harry as they passed and a few, including Madam Bones, said, 'Morning, Arthur,' to Mr Weasley, but most averted their eyes. Cornelius Fudge and the toadlike witch were almost the last to leave the dungeon. Fudge acted as though Mr Weasley and Harry were part of the wall, hut again, the witch looked almost appraisingly at Harry as she passed. Last of all to pass was Percy. Like Fudge, he completely ignored his father and Harry	 he marched past clutching a large roll of parchment and a handful of spare quills, his back rigid and his nose in the air. The lines around Mr Weasley's mouth tightened slightly, but other than this he gave no sign that he had seen his third son.  'I'm going to take you straight back so you can tell the others the good news,' he said, beckoning Harry forwards as Percy's heels disappeared up the steps to Level Nine. 'I'll drop you off on the way to that toilet in Bethnal Green. Come on . . .'  'So, what will you have to do about the toilet?' Harry asked, grinning. Everything suddenly seemed five times funnier than usual. It was starting to sink in: he was cleared, he was going back to Hogwarts.  'Oh, it's a simple enough anti-jinx,' said Mr Weasley as they mounted the stairs, 'but it's not so much having to repair the damage, it's more the attitude behind the vandalism, Harry. Muggle-baiting might strike some wizards as funny, but it's an expression of something much deeper and nastier, and I for one - '  Mr Weasley broke off in mid-sentence. They had just reached the ninth-level corridor and Cornelius Fudge was standing a few feet away from them, talking quietly to a tall man with sleek blond hair and a pointed, pale face.  The second man turned at the sound of their footsteps. He, too, broke off in mid-conversation, his cold grey eyes narrowed and fixed upon Harry's face.  'Well, well, well . . . Patronus Potter,' said Lucius Malfoy coolly.  Harry felt winded, as though he had just walked into something solid. He had last seen those cold grey eyes through slits in a Death Hater's hood, and last heard that man's voice jeering in a dark graveyard while Lord Voldemort tortured him. Harry could not believe that Lucius Malfoy dared look him in the face	 he could not believe that he was here, in the Ministry of Magic, or that Cornelius Fudge was talking to him, when Harry had told Fudge mere weeks ago that Malfoy was a Death Eater.  The Minister was just telling me about your lucky escape, Potter,' drawled Mr Malfoy. 'Quite astonishing, the way you continue to wriggle out of very tight holes . . . snakelike, in fact.'  Mr Weasley gripped Harry's shoulder in warning.  'Yeah,' said Harry, 'yeah, I'm good at escaping.'  Lucius Malfoy raised his eyes to Mr Weasley's face.  'And Arthur Weasley too! What are you doing here, Arthur?'  'I work here,' said Mr Weasley curtly.  'Not here, surely?' said Mr Malfoy, raising his eyebrows and glancing towards the door over Mr Weasley's shoulder. 'I thought you were up on the second floor . . . don't you do something that involves sneaking Muggle artefacts home and bewitching them?'  'No,' Mr Weasley snapped, his fingers now biting into Harry's shoulder.  'What are you doing here, anyway?' Harry asked Lucius Malfoy.  'I don't think private matters between myself and the Minister are any concern of yours, Potter,' said Malfoy, smoothing the front of his robes. Harry distinctly heard the gentle clinking of what sounded like a full pocket of gold. 'Really, just because you are Dumbledore's favourite boy, you must not expect the same indulgence from the rest of us . . . shall we go up to your office, then, Minister?'  'Certainly,' said Fudge, turning his back on Harry and Mr Weasley. This way, Lucius.'  They strode off together, talking in low voices. Mr Weasley did not let go of Harry's shoulder until they had disappeared into the lift.  'Why wasn't he waiting outside Fudge's office if they've got business to do together?' Harry burst out furiously. What was he doing down here?'  'Trying to sneak down to the courtroom, if you ask me,' said Mr Weasley, looking extremely agitated and glancing over his shoulder as though making sure they could not be overheard. Trying to find out whether you'd been expelled or not. I'll leave a note for Dumbledore when I drop you off, he ought to know Malfoy's been talking to Fudge again.'  'What private business have they got together, anyway?'  'Gold, I expect,' said Mr Weasley angrily. 'Malfoy's been giving generously to all sorts of things for years . . . gets him in with the right people . . . then he can ask favours . . . delay laws he doesn't want passed . . . oh, he's very well-connected, Lucius Malfoy.'  The lift arrived	 it was empty except for a flock of memos that flapped around Mr Weasley's head as he pressed the button for the Atrium and the doors clanged shut. He waved them away irritably.  'Mr Weasley,' said Harry slowly, 'if Fudge is meeting Death Eaters like Malfoy, if he's seeing them alone, how do we know they haven't put the Imperius Curse on him?'  'Don't think it hasn't occurred to us, Harry,' said Mr Weasley quietly. 'But Dumbledore thinks Fudge is acting of his own accord at the moment - which, as Dumbledore says, is not a lot of comfort. Best not talk about it any more just now, Harry.'  The doors slid open and they stepped out into the now almost-deserted Atrium. Eric the watchwizard was hidden behind his Daily Prophet again. They had walked straight past the golden fountain before Harry remembered.  'Wait . . .' he told Mr Weasley, and, pulling his moneybag from his pocket, he turned back to the fountain.  He looked up into the handsome wizard's face, but close-to Harry thought he looked rather weak and foolish. The witch was wearing a vapid smile like a beauty contestant, and from what Harry knew of goblins and centaurs, they were most unlikely to be caught staring so soppily at humans of any description. Only the house-elf's attitude of creeping servility looked convincing. With a grin at the thought of what Hermione would say if she could see the statue of the elf, Harry turned his moneybag upside-down and emptied not just ten Galleons, but the whole contents into the pool.*'I knew it!' yelled Ron, punching the air. 'You always get away with stuff!'  'They were bound to clear you,' said Hermione, who had looked positively faint with anxiety when Harry had entered the kitchen and was now holding a shaking hand over her eyes, 'there was no case against you, none at all.'  'Everyone seems quite relieved, though, considering you all knew I'd get off,' said Harry, smiling.  Mrs Weasley was wiping her face on her apron, and Fred, George and Ginny were doing a kind of war dance to a chant that went: 'He got off, he got off, he got off . . .'  That's enough! Settle down!' shouted Mr Weasley, though he too was smiling. 'Listen, Sirius, Lucius Malfoy was at the Ministry - '  'What?' said Sirius sharply.  'He got off, he got off, he got off . . .'  'Be quiet, you three! Yes, we saw him talking to Fudge on Level Nine, then they went up to Fudge's office together. Dumbledore ought to know.'  'Absolutely,' said Sirius. 'We'll tell him, don't worry.'  'Well, I'd better get going, there's a vomiting toilet waiting for me in Bethnal Green. Molly, I'll be late, I'm covering for Tonks, but Kingsley might be dropping in for dinner - '  'He got off, he got off, he got off . . .'  That's enough - Fred - George - Ginny!' said Mrs Weasley, as Mr Weasley left the kitchen. 'Harry, dear, come and sit down, have some lunch, you hardly ate breakfast.'  Ron and Hermione sat themselves down opposite him, looking happier than they had done since he had first arrived at Grimmauld Place, and Harry's feeling of giddy relief, which had been somewhat dented by his encounter with Lucius Malfoy, swelled again. The gloomy house seemed warmer and more welcoming all of a sudden	 even Kreacher looked less ugly as he poked his snoutlike nose into the kitchen to investigate the source of all the noise.  'Course, once Dumbledore turned up on your side, there was no way they were going to convict you,' said Ron happily, now dishing great mounds of mashed potato on to everyone's plates.  'Yeah, he swung it for me,' said Harry. He felt it would sound highly ungrateful, not to mention childish, to say, 'I wish he'd talked to me, though. Or even looked at me.'  And as he thought this, the scar on his forehead burned so badlyt:hat he clapped his hand to it..  'What's up?' said Hermione, looking alarmed.  'Scar,' Harry mumbled. 'But it's nothing . . . it happens all the time now . . .'  None of the others had noticed a thing	 all of them were now helping themselves to food while gloating over Harry's narrow escape	 Fred, George and Ginny were still singing. Hermione looked rather anxious, but before she could say anything, Ron had said happily, 'I bet Dumbledore turns up this evening, to celebrate with us, you know.'  '[ don't think he'll be able to, Ron,' said Mrs Weasley, setting a huge plate of roast chicken down in front of Harry. 'He's really very busy at the moment.'  'HE GOT OFF, HE GOT OFF. HE GOT OFF'  'SHUT UP!' roared Mrs Weasley.*Over the next few days Harry could not help noticing that there was one person within number twelve, Grimmauld Place, who did not seem wholly overjoyed that he would be returning to Hogwarts. Sirius had put up a very good show of happiness on first hearing the news, wringing Harry's hand and beaming just like the rest of them. Soon, however, he was moodier and surlier than before, talking less to everybody, even Harry, and spending increasing amounts of time shut up in his mother's room with Buckbeak.  'Don't you go feeling guilty!' said Hermione sternly, after Harry had confided some of his feelings to her and Ron while they scrubbed out a mouldy cupboard on the third floor a few days later. 'You belong at Hogwarts and Sirius knows it. Personally, I think he's being selfish.'  'That's a bit harsh, Hermione,' said Ron, frowning as he attempted to prise off a bit of mould that had attached itself firmly to his finger, 'you wouldn't want to be stuck inside this house without any company.'  'He'll have company!' said Hermione. 'It's Headquarters to the Order of the Phoenix, isn't it? He just got his hopes up that Harry would be coming to live here with him.'  'I don't think that's true,' said Harry, wringing out his cloth. 'He wouldn't give me a straight answer when I asked him if I could.'  'He just didn't want to get his own hopes up even more,' said Hermione wisely. 'And he probably felt a bit guilty himself, because I think a part of him was really hoping you'd be expelled. Then you'd both be outcasts together.'  'Come off it!' said Harry and Ron together, but Hermione merely shrugged.  'Suit yourselves. But I sometimes think Ron's mum's right and Sirius gets confused about whether you're you or your father, Harry.'  'So you think he's touched in the head?' said Harry heatedly.  'No, I just think he's been very lonely for a long time,' said Hermione simply.  At this point, Mrs Weasley entered the bedroom behind them.  'Still not finished?' she said, poking her head into the cupboard.  'I thought you might be here to tell us to have a break!' said Ron bitterly. 'D'you know how much mould we've got rid of since we arrived here?'  'You were so keen to help the Order,' said Mrs Weasley, 'you can do your bit by making Headquarters fit to live in.'  'I feel like a house-elf,' grumbled Ron.  'Well, now you understand what dreadful lives they lead, perhaps you'll be a bit more active in SPEW!' said Hermione hopefully, as Mrs Weasley left them to it. 'You know, maybe it wouldn't be a bad idea to show people exactly how horrible it is to clean all the time - we could do a sponsored scrub of Gryffindor common room, all proceeds to SPEW, it would raise awareness as well as funds.'  'I'll sponsor you to shut up about SPEW,' Ron muttered irritably, but only so Harry could hear him.*Harry found himself daydreaming about Hogwarts more and more as the end of the holidays approached	 he could not wait to see Hagrid again, to play Quidditch, even to stroll across the vegetable patches to the Herbology greenhouses	 it would be a treat just to leave this dusty, musty house, where half of the cupboards were still bolted shut and Kreacher wheezed insults out of the shadows as you passed, though Harry was careful not to say any of this within earshot of Sirius.  The fact as that living at the Headquarters of the anti-Voldemort movement was not nearly as interesting or exciting as Harry would have expected before he'd experienced it. Though members of the Order of the Phoenix came and went regularly, sometimes staying for meals, sometimes only for a few minutes of whispered conversation, Mrs Weasley made sure that Harry and the others were kept well out of earshot (whether Extendable or normal) and nobody, not even Sirius, seemed to feel that Harry needed to know anything more than he had heard on the night of his arrival.  On the very last day of the holidays Harry was sweeping up Hedwig's owl droppings from the top of the wardrobe when Ron entered their bedroom carrying a couple of envelopes.  'Booklists have arrived,' he said, throwing one of the envelopes up to Harry, who was standing on a chair. 'About time, I thought they'd forgotten, they usually come much earlier than this . . .'  Harry swept the last of the droppings into a rubbish bag and threw the bag over Ron's head into the wastepaper basket in the corner, which swallowed it and belched loudly. He then opened his letter. It contained two pieces of parchment: one the usual reminder that term started on the first of September	 the other telling him which books he would need for the coming year.  'Only two new ones,' he said, reading the list, The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 5, by Miranda Goshawk, and Defensive Magical Theory, by Wilbert Slinkhard.'  Crack.  Fred and George Apparated right beside Harry. He was so used to them doing this by now that he didn't even fall off his chair.  'We were just wondering who set the Slinkhard book,' said Fred conversationally  'Because it means Dumbledore's found a new Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher,' said George.  'And about time too,' said Fred.  'What d'you mean?' Harry asked, jumping down beside them.  Well, we overheard Mum and Dad talking on the Extendable Ears a few weeks back,' Fred told Harry, 'and from what they were saying, Dumbledore was having real trouble finding anyone to do the job this year.'  'Not surprising, is it, when you look at what's happened to the last four?' said George.  'One sacked, one dead, one's memory removed and one locked in a trunk for nine months,' said Harry, counting them off on his fingers. 'Yeah, I see what you mean.'  'What's up with you, Ron?' asked Fred.  Ron did not answer. Harry looked round. Ron was standing very still with his mouth slightly open, gaping at his letter from Hogwarts.  'What's the matter?' said Fred impatiently, moving around Ron to look over his shoulder at the parchment.  Fred's mouth fell open, too.  'Prefect?' he said, staring incredulously at the letter. 'Prefect?'  George leapt forwards, seized the envelope in Ron's other hand and turned it upside-down. Harry saw something scarlet and gold fall into George's palm.  'No way,' said George in a hushed voice.  'There's been a mistake,' said Fred, snatching the letter out of Ron's grasp and holding it up to the light as though checking for a watermark. 'No one in their right mind would make Ron a prefect.'  The twins' heads turned in unison and both of them stared at Harry.  'We thought you were a cert!' said Fred, in a tone that suggested Harry had tricked them in some way.  'We thought Dumbledore was bound to pick you!' said George indignantly.  'Winning the Triwizard and everything!' said Fred.  'I suppose all the mad stuff must've counted against him,' said George to Fred.  'Yeah,' said Fred slowly. 'Yeah, you've caused too much trouble, mate. Well, at least one of you's got their priorities right.'  He strode over to Harry and clapped him on the back while giving Ron a scathing look.  'Prefect . . . ickle Ronnie the Prefect.'  'Ohh, Mum's going to be revolting,' groaned George, thrusting the prefect badge back at Ron as though it might contaminate him.  Ron, who still had not said a word, took the badge, stared at it for a moment, then held it out to Harry as though asking mutely for confirmation that it was genuine. Harry took it. A large 'P' was superimposed on the Gryffindor lion. He had seen a badge just like this on Percy's chest on his very first day at Hogwarts.  The door banged open. Hermione came tearing into the room, her cheeks flushed and her hair flying. There was an envelope in her hand.  'Did you - did you get - ?'  She spotted the badge in Harry's hand and let out a shriek.  'I knew it!' she said excitedly, brandishing her letter. 'Me too, Harry, me too!'  'No,' said Harry quickly, pushing the badge back into Ron's hand. 'It's Ron, not me.'  'It - what?'  'Ron's prefect, not me,' Harry said.  'Ron?' said Hermione, her jaw dropping. 'But . . . are you sure? I mean - '  She turned red as Ron looked round at her with a defiant expression on his lace.  'It's my name on the letter,' he said.  'I . . .' said Hermione, looking thoroughly bewildered. 'I . . . well . . . wow! Well done, Ron! That's really - '  'Unexpected,' said George, nodding.  'No,' said Hermione, blushing harder than ever, 'no it's not . . . Ron's done loads of . . . he's really . . .'  The door behind her opened a little wider and Mrs Weasley bucked into the room carrying a pile of freshly laundered robes.  'Ginny said the booklists had come at last,' she said, glancing around at all the envelopes as she made her way over to the bed and started sorting the robes into two piles. 'If you give them to me I'll take them over to Diagon Alley this afternoon and get your books while you're packing. Ron, I'll have to get you more pyjamas, these are at least six inches too short, I can't believe how fast you're growing . . . what colour would you like?'  'Get him red and gold to match his badge,' said George, smirking.  'Match his what?' said Mrs Weasley absently, rolling up a pair of maroon socks and placing them on Ron's pile.  'His badge,' said Fred, with the air of getting the worst over quickly. 'His lovely shiny new prefect's badge.'  Fred's words took a moment to penetrate Mrs Weasley's preoccupation with pyjamas.  'His . . . but . . . Ron, you're not . . .?'  Ron held up his badge.  Mrs Weasley let out a shriek just like Hermione's.  'I don't believe it! I don't believe it! Oh, Ron, how wonderful! A prefect! That's everyone in the family!'  'What are Fred and I, next-door neighbours?' said George indignantly, as his mother pushed him aside and flung her arms around her youngest son.  'Wait until your father hears! Ron, I'm so proud of you, what wonderful news, you could end up Head Boy just like Bill and Percy, it's the first step! Oh, what a thing to happen in the middle of all this worry, I'm just thrilled, oh, Ronnie - '  Fred and George were both making loud retching noises behind her back but Mrs Weasley did not notice	 arms tight around Ron's neck, she was kissing him all over his face, which had turned a brighter scarlet than his badge.  'Mum . . . don't . . . Mum, get a grip . . .' he muttered, trying to push her away.  She let go of him and said breathlessly, 'Well, what will it be? We gave Percy an owl, but you've already got one, of course.'  'W-what do you mean?' said Ron, looking as though he did not dare believe his ears.  'You've got to have a reward for this!' said Mrs Weasley fondly. 'How about a nice new set of dress robes?'  'We've already bought him some,' said Fred sourly, who looked as though he sincerely regretted this generosity.  'Or a new cauldron, Charlie's old one's rusting through, or a new rat, you always liked Scabbers -  'Mum,' said Ron hopefully, 'can I have a new broom?'  Mrs Weasley's face fell slightly	 broomsticks were expensive.  'Not a really good one!' Ron hastened to add. 'Just - just a new one for a change , . .'  Mrs Weasley hesitated, then smiled.  'Of course you can . . . well, I'd better get going if I've got a broom to buy too. I'll see you all later . . . little Ronnie, a prefect! And don't forget to pack your trunks . . . a prefect . . . oh, I'm all of a dither!'  She gave Ron yet another kiss on the cheek, sniffed loudly, and bustled from the room.  Fred and George exchanged looks.  'You don't mind if we don't kiss you, do you, Ron?' said Fred in a falsely anxious voice.  'We could curtsey, if you like,' said George.  'Oh, shut up,' said Ron, scowling at them.  'Or what?' said Fred, an evil grin spreading across his face. 'Going to put us in detention?'  'I'd love to see him try' sniggered George.  'He could if you don't watch out!' said Hermione angrily.  Fred and George burst out laughing, and Ron muttered, 'Drop it, Hermione.'  'We're going to have to watch our step, George,' said Fred, pretending to tremble, 'with these two on our case . . .'  'Yeah, it looks like our law-breaking days are finally over,' said Cieorge, shaking his head.  And with another loud crack, the twins Disapparated.  'Those two!' said Hermione furiously, staring up at the ceiling, through which they could now hear Fred and George roaring with laughter in the room upstairs. 'Don't pay any attention to them, Ron, they're only jealous!'  'I don't think they are,' said Ron doubtfully, also looking up at the ceiling. They've always said only prats become prefects . . . still,' he added on a happier note, 'they've never had new brooms! I wish I could go with Mum and choose . . . she'll never be able to afford a Nimbus, but there's the new Cleansweep out, that'd be great . . . yeah, I think I'll go and tell her I like the Cleansweep, just so she knows . . .'  He dashed from the room, leaving Harry and Hermione alone.  For some reason, Harry found he did not want to look at Hermione. He turned to his bed, picked up the pile of clean robes Mrs Weasley had laid on it and crossed the room to his trunk.  'Harry?' said Hermione tentatively.  'Well done, Hermione,' said Harry, so heartily it did not sound like his voice at all, and, still not looking at her, 'brilliant. Prefect. Great.'  'Thanks,' said Hermione. 'Erm - Harry - could I borrow Hedwig so I can tell Mum and Dad? They'll be really pleased - I mean prefect is something they can understand.'  'Yeah, no problem,' said Harry, still in the horrible hearty voice that did not belong to him. Take her!'  He leaned over his trunk, laid the robes on the bottom of it and pretended to be rummaging for something while Hermione crossed to the wardrobe and called Hedwig down. A few moments passed	 Harry heard the door close but remained bent double, listening	 the only sounds he could hear were the blank picture on the wall sniggering again and the wastepaper basket in the corner coughing up the owl droppings.  He straightened up and looked behind him. Hermione had left and Hedwig had gone. Harry hurried across the room, closed the door, then returned slowly to his bed and sank on to it, gazing unseeingly at the foot of the wardrobe.  He had forgotten completely about prefects being chosen in the fifth year. He had been too anxious about the possibility of being expelled to spare a thought for the fact that badges must be winging their way towards certain people. But if he had remembered . . . if he had thought about it . . . what would he have expected?  Not this, said a small and truthful voice inside his head.  Harry screwed up his face and buried it in his hands. He could not lie to himself
Order of the Phoenix=Luna LovegoodHarry had a troubled nights sleep. His parents wove in and out of his dreams, never speaking	 Mrs Weasley sobbed over Kreacher's dead body, watched by Ron and Hermione who were wearing crowns, and yet again Harry found himself walking clown a corridor ending in a locked door. He awoke abruptly with his scar prickling to find Ron already dressed and talking to him.  '. . . better hurry up, Mums going ballistic, she says we're going to miss the train . . .'  There was a lot of commotion in the house. From what he heard as he dressed at top speed, Harry gathered that Fred and George had bewitched their trunks to fly downstairs to save the bother of carrying them, with the result that they had hurtled straight into Ginny and knocked her down two flights of stairs into the hall	 Mrs Black and Mrs Weasley were both screaming at the top of their voices.  ' - COULD HAVE DONE HER A SERIOUS INJURY, YOU IDIOTS - '  ' - FILTHY HALF-BREEDS, BESMIRCHING THE HOUSE OF MY FATHERS - '  Hermione came hurrying into the room looking flustered, just as Harry was putting on his trainers. Hedwig was swaying or her shoulder, and she was carrying a squirming Crookshanks in her arms.  'Mum and Dad just sent Hedwig back.' The owl fluttered obligingly over and perched on top of her cage. Are you ready yet?'  'Nearly. Is Ginny all right?' Harry asked, shoving on his glasses.  'Mrs Weasley's patched her up,' said Hermione. 'But now Mad-Eye's complaining that we can't leave unless Sturgis Podmore's here, otherwise the guard will be one short.'  'Guard?' said Harry. 'We have to go to King's Cross with a guard?'  'You have to go to King's Cross with a guard,' Hermione corrected him.  'Why?' said Harry irritably. 'I thought Voldemort was supposed to be lying low, or are you telling me he's going to jump out from behind a dustbin to try and do me in.'  'I don't know, it's just what Mad-Eye says,' said Hermione distractedly, looking at her watch, 'but if we don't leave soon we're definitely going to miss the train . . .'  'WILL YOU LOT GET DOWN HERE NOW, PLEASE!' Mrs Weasley bellowed and Hermione jumped as though scalded and hurried out of the room. Harry seized Hedwig, stuffed her unceremoniously into her cage, and set off downstairs after Hermione, dragging his trunk.  Mrs Black's portrait was howling with rage but nobody was bothering to close the curtains over her	 all the noise in the hall was bound to rouse her again, anyway.  'Harry, you're to come with me and Tonks,' shouted Mrs Weasley over the repeated screeches of 'MUDBLOODS! SCUM! CREATURES OF DIRT!' - 'Leave your trunk and your owl, Alastor's going to deal with the luggage . . . oh, for heavens sake, Sirius, Dumbledore said no!'  A bear-like black dog had appeared at Harry's side as he was clambering over the various trunks cluttering the hall to get to Mrs Weasley.  'Oh honestly . . .' said Mrs Weasley despairingly. 'Well, on your own head be it!'  She wrenched open the front door and stepped out into the weak September sunlight. Harry and the dog followed her. The door slammed behind them and Mrs Black's screeches were cut off instantly.  'Where's Tonks?' Harry said, looking round as they went down the stone steps of number twelve, which vanished the moment they reached the pavement.  'She's waiting for us just up here,' said Mrs Weasley stiffly, averting her eyes from the lolloping black dog beside Harry.  An old woman greeted them on the corner. She had tightly curled grey hair and wore a purple hat shaped like a pork pie.  'Wotcher, Harry,' she said, winking. 'Better hurry up, hadn't we, Molly?' she added, checking her watch.  'I know, I know,' moaned Mrs Weasley, lengthening her stride, 'but Mad-Eye wanted to wait for Sturgis . . . if only Arthur could have got us cars from the Ministry again . . . but Fudge won't let him borrow so much as an empty ink bottle these days . . . how Muggles can stand travelling without magic . . .'  But the great black dog gave a joyful bark and gambolled around them, snapping at pigeons and chasing its own tail. Harry couldn't help laughing. Sirius had been trapped inside for a very long time. Mrs Weasley pursed her lips in an almost Aunt Petunia-ish way.  It took them twenty minutes to reach King's Cross on foot and nothing more eventful happened during that time than Sirius scaring a couple of cats for Harry's entertainment. Once inside the station they lingered casually beside the barrier between platforms nine and ten until the coast was clear, then each of them leaned against it in turn and fell easily through on to platform nine and three-quarters, where the Hogwarts Express stood belching sooty steam over a platform packed with departing students and their families. Harry inhaled the familiar smell and felt his spirits soar . . . he was really going back . . .  'I hope the others make it in time,' said Mrs Weasley anxiously, staring behind her at the wrought-iron arch spanning the platform, through which new arrivals would come.  'Nice dog, Harry!' called a tall boy with dreadlocks.  Thanks, Lee,' said Harry, grinning, as Sirius wagged his tail frantically.  'Oh good,' said Mrs Weasley, sounding relieved, 'here's Alastor with the luggage, look . . .'  A porter's cap pulled low over his mismatched eyes, Moody came limping through the archway pushing a trolley loaded with their trunks.  'All OK,' he muttered to Mrs Weasley and Tonks, 'don't think we were followed . . .'  Seconds later, Mr Weasley emerged on to the platform with Ron and Hermione. They had almost unloaded Moody's luggage trolley when Fred, George and Ginny turned up with Lupin.  'No trouble?' growled Moody.  'Nothing,' said Lupin.  'I'll still be reporting Sturgis to Dumbledore,' said Moody, 'that's the second time he's not turned up in a week. Getting as unreliable as Mundungus.'  'Well, look after yourselves,' said Lupin, shaking hands all round. He reached Harry last and gave him a clap on the shoulder. 'You too, Harry. Be careful.'  'Yeah, keep your head down and your eyes peeled,' said Moody, shaking Harry's hand too. 'And don't forget, all of you - careful what you put in writing. If in doubt, don't put it in a letter at all.'  'It's been great meeting all of you,' said Tonks, hugging Hermione and Ginny. 'We'll see you soon, I expect.'  A warning whistle sounded	 the students still on the platform started hurrying on to the train.  'Quick, quick,' said Mrs Weasley distractedly, hugging them at random and catching Harry twice, 'Write . . . be good . . . if you've forgotten anything we'll send it on . . . on to the train, now, hurry . . .'  For one brief moment, the great black dog reared on to its hind legs and placed its front paws on Harry's shoulders, but Mrs Weasley shoved Harry away towards the train door, hissing, 'For heaven's sake, act more like a dog, Sirius!'  'See you!' Harry called out of the open window as the train began to move, while Ron, Hermione and Ginny waved beside him. The figures of Tonks, Lupin, Moody and Mr and Mrs Weasley shrank rapidly but the black dog was bounding alongside the window, wagging its tail	 blurred people on the platform were laughing to see it chasing the train, then they rounded a bend, and Sirius was gone.  'He shouldn't have come with us,' said Hermione in a worried voice.  'Oh, lighten up,' said Ron, 'he hasn't seen daylight for months, poor bloke.'  'Well,' said Fred, clapping his hands together, 'can't stand around chatting all day, we've got business to discuss with Lee. See you later,' and he and George disappeared down the corridor to the right.  The train was gathering still more speed, so that the houses outside the window flashed past, and they swayed where they stood.  'Shall we go and find a compartment, then?' Harry asked.  Ron and Hermione exchanged looks.  'Er,' said Ron.  'We're - well - Ron and I are supposed to go into the prefect carnage,' Hermione said awkwardly.  Ron wasn't looking at Harry	 he seemed to have become intensely interested in the fingernails on his left hand.  'Oh,' said Harry. 'Right. Fine.'  'I don't think we'll have to stay there all journey,' said Hermione quickly. 'Our letters said we just get instructions from the Head Boy and Girl and then patrol the corridors from time to time.'  'Fine,' said Harry again. 'Well, I - I might see you later, then.'  'Yeah, definitely,' said Ron, casting a shifty, anxious look at Harry. 'It's a pain having to go down there, I'd rather - but we have to - 'I mean, I'm not enjoying it, I'm not Percy,' he finished defiantly.  'I know you're not,' said Harry and he grinned. But as Hermione and Ron dragged their trunks, Crookshanks and a caged Pigwidgeon off towards the engine end of the train, Harry felt an odd sense of loss. He had never travelled on the Hogwarts Express without Ron.  'Come on,' Ginny told him, 'if we get a move on we'll be able to save them places.'  'Right,' said Harry, picking up Hedwig's cage in one hand and the handle of his trunk in the other. They struggled off down the corridor, peering through the glass-panelled doors into the compartments they passed, which were already full. Harry could not help noticing that a lot of people stared back at him with great interest and that several of them nudged their neighbours and pointed him out. After he had met this behaviour in five consecutive carriages he remembered that the Daily Prophet had been telling its readers all summer what a lying show-off he was. He wondered dully whether the people now staring and whispering believed the stories.  In the very last carriage they met Neville Longbottom, Harry's fellow fifth-year Gryffindor, his round face shining with the effort of pulling his trunk along and maintaining a one-handed grip on his struggling toad, Trevor.  'Hi, Harry,' he panted. 'Hi, Ginny . . . everywhere's full . . . I can't find a seat . . . '  'What are you talking about?' said Ginny, who had squeezed past Neville to peer into the compartment behind him. There's room in this one, there's only Loony Lovegood in here - '  Neville mumbled something about not wanting to disturb anyone.  'Don't be silly,' said Ginny, laughing, 'she's all right.'  She slid the door open and pulled her trunk inside. Harry and Neville followed.  'Hi, Luna.' said Ginny, 'is it OK if we take these seats?'  The girl beside the window looked up. She had straggly, waist-length, dirty blonde hair, very pale eyebrows and protuberant eyes that gave her a permanently surprised look. Harry knew at once why Neville had chosen to pass this compartment by. The girl gave oil an aura of distinct dottiness. Perhaps it was the fact that she had stuck her wand behind her left ear for safekeeping, or that she had chosen to wear a necklace of Butterbeer corks, or that she was reading a magazine upside-down. Her eyes ranged over Neville and came to rest on Harry. She nodded.  Thanks,' said Ginny, smiling at her.  Harry and Neville stowed the three trunks and Hedwig's cage in the luggage rack and sat down. Luna watched them over her upside-down magazine, which was called The Quibbler. She did not seem to need to blink as much as normal humans. She stared and stared at Harry, who had taken the seat opposite her and now wished he hadn't.  'Had a good summer, Luna?' Ginny asked.  'Yes,' said Luna dreamily, without taking her eyes off Harry. 'Yes, it was quite enjoyable, you know. You're Harry Potter,' she added.  'I know I am,' said Harry.  Neville chuckled. Luna turned her pale eyes on him instead.  'And I don't know who you are.'  'I'm nobody,' said Neville hurriedly.  'No you're not,' said Ginny sharply. 'Neville Longbottom - Luna Lovegood. Luna's in my year, but in Ravenclaw.'  'Wit beyond measure is man's greatest treasure,' said Luna in a singsong voice.  She raised her upside-down magazine high enough to hide her face and fell silent. Harry and Neville looked at each other with their eyebrows raised. Ginny suppressed a giggle.  The train rattled onwards, speeding them out into open country. It was an odd, unsettled sort of day	 one moment the carriage was full of sunlight and the next they were passing beneath ominously grey clouds.  'Guess what I got for my birthday?' said Neville.  'Another Remembrall?' said Harry, remembering the marble-like device Neville's grandmother had sent him in an effort to improve his abysmal memory.  'No,' said Neville. 'I could do with one, though, I lost the old one ages ago . . . no, look at this . . .'  He dug the hand that was not keeping a firm grip on Trevor into his schoolbag and after a little bit of rummaging pulled out what appeared to be a small grey cactus in a pot, except that it was covered with what looked like boils rather than spines.  'Mimbulus mimbletonia,' he said proudly.  Harry stared at the thing. It was pulsating slightly, giving it the rather sinister look of some diseased internal organ.  'It's really, really rare,' said Neville, beaming. 'I don't know if there's one in the greenhouse at Hogwarts, even. I can't wait to show it to Professor Sprout. My Great Uncle Algie got it for me in Assyria. I'm going to see if I can breed from it.'  Harry knew that Neville's favourite subject was Herbology but for the life of him he could not see what he would want with this stunted little plant.  'Does it - er - do anything?' he asked.  'Loads of stuff!' said Neville proudly. 'It's got an amazing defensive mechanism. Here, hold Trevor for me . . .'  He dumped the toad into Harry's lap and took a quill from his schoolbag. Luna Lovegood's popping eyes appeared over the top of her upside-down magazine again, to watch what Neville was  doing. Neville held the Mimbulus mimblctonia up to his eyes, his tongue between his teeth, chose his spot, and gave the plant a sharp prod with the tip of his quill.  Liquid squirted from every boil on the plant	 thick, stinking, dark green jets of it. They hit the ceiling, the windows, and spattered Luna Lovegood's magazine	 Ginny, who had flung her arms up in front of her face just in time, merely looked as though she was wearing a slimy green hat, but Harry, whose hands had been busy preventing Trevor's escape, received a faceful. It smelled like rancid manure.  Neville, whose face and torso were also drenched, shook his head to get the worst out of his eyes.  'S - sorry,' he gasped. 'I haven't tried that before . . . didn't realise it would be quite so . . . don't worry, though, Stinksap's not poisonous,' he added nervously, as Harry spat a mouthful on to the floor.  At that precise moment the door of their compartment slid open.  'Oh . . . hello, Harry,' said a nervous voice. 'Urn . . . bad time?'  Harry wiped the lenses of his glasses with his Trevor-free hand. A very pretty girl with long, shiny black hair was standing in the doorway smiling at him: Cho Chang, the Seeker on the Ravenclaw Quidditch team.  'Oh . . . hi,' said Harry blankly.  'Um . . .' said Cho. 'Well . . . just thought I'd say hello . . . bye then.'  Rather pink in the face, she closed the door and departed. Harry slumped back in his seat and groaned. He would have liked Cho to discover him sitting with a group of very cool people laughing their heads off at a joke he had just told	 he would not have chosen to be sitting with Neville and Loony Lovegood, clutching a toad and dripping in Stinksap.  'Never mind,' said Ginny bracingly. 'Look, we can easily get rid of all this.' She pulled out her wand. 'Scourgify!'  The Stinksap vanished.  'Sorry.' said Neville again, in a small voice.  Ron and Hermione did not turn up for nearly an hour, by which time the food trolley had already gone by. Harry, Ginny and Neville had finished their pumpkin pasties and were busy swapping Chocolate Frog Cards when the compartment door slid open and they walked in, accompanied by Crookshanks and a shrilly hooting Pigwidgeon in his cage.  'I'm starving,' said Ron, stowing Pigwidgeon next to Hedwig, grabbing a Chocolate Frog from Harry and throwing himself into the seat next to him. He ripped open the wrapper, bit off the frog's head and leaned back with his eyes closed as though he had had a very exhausting morning.  'Well, there are two fifth-year prefects from each house,' said Hermione, looking thoroughly disgruntled as she took her seat. 'Boy and girl from each.'  'And guess who's a Slytherin prefect?' said Ron, still with his eyes closed.  'Malfoy,' replied Harry at once, certain his worst fear would be confirmed.  'Course,' said Ron bitterly, stuffing the rest of the Frog into his mouth and taking another.  'And that complete cow Pansy Parkinson,' said Hermione viciously. 'How she got to be a prefect when she's thicker than a concussed troll . . .  'Who are Hufflepuff's?' Harry asked.  'Ernie Macmillan and Hannah Abbott,' said Ron thickly.  'And Anthony Goldstein and Padma Patil for Ravenclaw,' said Hermione.  'You went to the Yule Ball with Padma Patil,' said a vague voice.  Everyone turned to look at Luna Lovegood, who was gazing unblinkingly at Ron over the top of The Quibbler. He swallowed his mouthful of Frog.  'Yeah, I know I did,' he said, looking mildly surprised.  'She didn't enjoy it very much,' Luna informed him. 'She doesn't think you treated her very well, because you wouldn't dance with her. I don't think I'd have minded,' she added thoughtfully, 'I don't like dancing very much.'  She retreated behind The Quibbler again. Ron stared at the cover with his mouth hanging open for a few seconds, then looked around at Ginny for some kind of explanation, but Ginny had stuffed her knuckles in her mouth to stop herself giggling. Ron shook his head, bemused, then checked his watch.  'We're supposed to patrol the corridors every so often,' he told Harry and Neville, 'and we can give out punishments if people are misbehaving. I can't wait to get Crabbe and Goyle for something . . . '  'You're not supposed to abuse your position, Ron!' said Hermione sharply.  'Yeah, right, because Malfoy won't abuse it at all,' said Ron sarcastically.  'So you're going to descend to his level?'  'No, I'm just going to make sure I get his mates before he gets mine.'  'For heavens sake, Ron - '  'I'll make Goyle do lines, it'll kill him, he hates writing,' said Ron happily. He lowered his voice to Goyle's low grunt and, screwing up his face in a look of pained concentration, mimed writing in midair. 'I . . . must. . . not. . . look . . .like . . . a . . . baboon's . . . backside.'  Everyone laughed, but nobody laughed harder than Luna Lovegood. She let out a scream of mirth that caused Hedwig to wake up and flap her wings indignantly and Crookshanks to leap up into the luggage rack, hissing. Luna laughed so hard her magazine slipped out of her grasp, slid down her legs and on to the floor.  'That was funny!'  Her prominent eyes swam with tears as she gasped for breath, staring at Ron. Utterly nonplussed, he looked around at the others, who were now laughing at the expression on Ron's face and at the ludicrously prolonged laughter of Luna Lovegood, who was rocking backwards and forwards, clutching her sides.  'Are you taking the mickey?' said Ron, frowning at her.  'Baboon's . . . backside!' she choked, holding her ribs.  Everyone else was watching Luna laughing, but Harry, glancing at the magazine on the floor, noticed something that made him dive for it. Upside-down it had been hard to tell what the picture on the front was, but Harry now realised i! was a fairly bad cartoon of Cornelius Fudge	 Harry only recognised him because of the lime-green bowler hat. One of Fudges hands was clenched around a bag of gold	 the other hand was throttling a goblin. The cartoon was captioned: How Far Will Fudge Go to Gain Gringotts?  Beneath this were listed the titles of other articles inside the magazine.Corruption in the Quidditch League:How the Tornados are Taking ControlSecrets of the Ancient Runes RevealedSirius Black: Villain or Victim?'Can I have a look at this?' Harry asked Luna eagerly.  She nodded, still gazing at Ron, breathless with laughter.  Harry opened the magazine and scanned the index. Until this moment he had completely forgotten the magazine Kingsley had handed Mr Weasley to give to Sirius, but it must have been this edition of The Quibbler.  He found the page, and turned excitedly to the article.  This, too, was illustrated by a rather bad cartoon	 in fact, Harry would not have known it was supposed to be Sirius if it hadn't been captioned. Sirius was standing on a pile of human bones with his wand out. The headline on the article said:SIRIUS - BLACK AS HE'S PAINTED?Notorious mass murderer or innocent singing sensation?Harry had to read this first sentence several times before he was convinced that he had not misunderstood it. Since when had Sirius been a singing sensation?For fourteen years Sirius Black has been believed guilty of the mass murder of twelve innocent Muggles and one wizard. Black's audacious escape from Azkaban two years ago has led to the widest manhunt ever conducted by the Ministry of Magic. None of us has ever questioned that he deserves to be recaptured and handed back to the Dementors.  BUT DOES HE?  Startling new evidence has recently come to light that Sirius Black may not have committed the crimes for which he was sent to Azhaban. In fact, says Doris Purkiss, of 18 Acanthia Way, Little Norton, Black may not even have been present at the killings.  'What people don't realise is that Sirius Black is a false name,' says Mrs Purkiss. 'The man people believe to be Sirius Black is actually Stubby Boardman, lead singer of popular singing group The Hobgoblins, who retired from public life after being struck on the ear by a turnip at a concert in Little Norton Church Hall nearly fifteen years ago. I recognised him the moment I saw his picture in the paper. Now, Stubby couldn't possibly have committed those crimes, because on the day in question he happened to be enjoying a romantic candlelit dinner with me. I have written to the Minister for Magic and am expecting him to give Stubby, alias Sirius, a full pardon any day now.'Harry finished reading and stared at the page in disbelief. Perhaps it was a joke, he thought, perhaps the magazine often printed spoof items. He flicked back a few pages and found the piece on Fudge.Cornelius Fudge, the Minister for Magic, denied that he had any plans to take over the running of the Wizarding Bank, Gringotts, when he was elected Minister for Magic jive years ago. Fudge has always insisted that he wants nothing more than to 'co-operate peacefully' with the guardians of our gold.  BUT DOES HE?  Sources close to the Minister have recently disclosed that Fudge's dearest ambition is to seize control of the goblin gold supplies and that he will not hesitate to use force if need be.  'It wouldn't be the first time, either,' said a Ministry insider. 'Cornelius Goblin-Crusher Fudge, that's what his friends call him. If you could hear him when he thinks no one's listening, oh, he's always talking about the goblins he's had done in
Order of the Phoenix=The Sorting Hat'sNew SongHarry did not want to tell the others that he and Luna were having the same hallucination, if that was what it was, so he said nothing more about the horses as he sat down inside the carriage and slammed the door behind him. Nevertheless, he could not help watching the silhouettes of the horses moving beyond the window.  'Did everyone see that Grubbly-Plank woman?' asked Ginny. 'What's she doing back here? Hagrid can't have left, can he?'  'I'll be quite glad if he has,' said Luna, 'he isn't a very good teacher, is he?'  'Yes, he is!' said Harry, Ron and Ginny angrily.  Harry glared at Hermione. She cleared her throat and quickly said, 'Erm . . . yes . . . he's very good.'  'Well, we in Ravenclaw think he's a bit of a joke,' said Luna, unfazed.  'You've got a rubbish sense of humour then,' Ron snapped, as the wheels below them creaked into motion.  Luna did not seem perturbed by Ron's rudeness	 on the contrary, she simply watched him for a while as though he were a mildly interesting television programme.  Rattling and swaying, the carriages moved in convoy up the road. When they passed between the tall stone pillars topped with winged boars on either side of the gates to the school grounds, Harry leaned forwards to try and see whether there were any lights on in Hagrid's cabin by the Forbidden Forest, but the grounds were in complete darkness. Hogwarts Castle, however, loomed ever  closer: a towering mass of turrets, jet black against the dark sky, here and there a window blazing fiery bright above them.  The carriages jingled to a halt near the stone steps leading up to the oak front doors and Harry got out of the carriage first. He turned again to look for lit windows down by the Forest, but there was definitely no sign of life within Hagrid's cabin. Unwillingly, because he had half-hoped they would have vanished, he turned his eyes instead upon the strange, skeletal creatures standing quietly in the chill night air, their blank white eyes gleaming.  Harry had once before had the experience of seeing something that Ron could not, but that had been a reflection in a mirror, something much more insubstantial than a hundred very solid-looking beasts strong enough to pull a fleet of carriages. If Luna was to be believed, the beasts had always been there but invisible. Why, then, could Harry suddenly see them, and why could Ron not?  'Are you coming or what?' said Ron beside him.  'Oh . . . yeah,' said Harry quickly and they joined the crowd hurrying up the stone steps into the castle.  The Entrance Hall was ablaze with torches and echoing with footsteps as the students crossed the flagged stone floor for the double doors to the right, leading to the Great Hall and the start-of-term feast.  The four long house tables in the Great Hall were filling up under the starless black ceiling, which was just like the sky they could glimpse through the high windows. Candles floated in midair all along the tables, illuminating the silvery ghosts who were dotted about the Hall and the faces of the students talking eagerly, exchanging summer news, shouting greetings at friends from other houses, eyeing one another's new haircuts and robes. Again, Harry noticed people putting their heads together to whisper as he passed	 he gritted his teeth and tried to act as though he neither noticed nor cared.  Luna drifted away from them at the Ravenclaw table. The moment they reached Gryffindor's, Ginny was hailed by some fellow fourth-years and left to sit with them	 Harry, Ron, Hermione and Neville found seats together about halfway down the table between Nearly Headless Nick, the Gryffindor house ghost, and Parvati Patil and Lavender Brown, the last two of whom gave Harry airy, overly-friendly greetings that made him quite sure they had stopped talking about him a split second before. He had more important things to worry about, however: he was looking over the students' heads to the staff table that ran along the top wall of the Hall.  'He's not there.'  Ron and Hermione scanned the staff table too, though there was no real need	 Hagrid's size made him instantly obvious in any lineup.  'He can't have left,' said Ron, sounding slightly anxious.  'Of course he hasn't,' said Harry firmly.  'You don't think he's . . . hurt, or anything, do you?' said Hermione uneasily.  'No,' said Harry at once.  'But where is he, then?'  There was a pause, then Harry said very quietly, so that Neville, Parvati and Lavender could not hear, 'Maybe he's not back yet. You know - from his mission - the thing he was doing over the summer for Dumbledore.'  'Yeah . . . yeah, that'll be it,' said Ron, sounding reassured, but Hermione bit her lip, looking up and down the staff table as though hoping for some conclusive explanation of Hagrid's absence.  'Who's that?' she said sharply, pointing towards the middle of the staff table.  Harry's eyes followed hers. They lit first upon Professor Dumbledore, sitting in his high-backed golden chair at the centre of the long staff table, wearing deep-purple robes scattered with silvery stars and a matching hat. Dumbledore's head was inclined towards the woman sitting next to him, who was talking into his ear. She looked, Harry thought, like somebody's maiden aunt: squat, with short, curly, mouse-brown hair in which she had placed a horrible pink Alice band that matched the fluffy pink cardigan she wore over her robes. Then she turned her face slightly to take a sip from her goblet and he saw, with a shock of recognition, a pallid, toadlike face and a pair of prominent, pouchy eyes.  'It's that Umbridge woman!'  'Who?' said Hermione.  'She was at my hearing, she works for Fudge!'  'Nice cardigan,' said Ron, smirking.  'She works for Fudge!' Hermione repeated, frowning. 'What on earth's she doing here, then?'  'Dunno . . .'  Hermione scanned the staff table, her eyes narrowed.  'No,' she muttered, 'no, surely not . . .'  Harry did not understand what she was talking about but did not ask	 his attention had been caught by Professor Grubbly-Plank who had just appeared behind the staff table	 she worked her way along to the very end and took the seat that ought to have been Hagrid's. That meant the first-years must have crossed the lake and reached the castle, and sure enough, a few seconds later, the doors from the Entrance Hall opened. A long line of scared-looking first-years entered, led by Professor McGonagall, who was carrying a stool on which sat an ancient wizards hat, heavily patched and darned with a wide rip near the frayed brim.  The buzz of talk in the Great Hall faded away. The first-years lined up in front of the staff table facing the rest of the students, and Professor McGonagall placed the stool carefully in front of them, then stood back.  The first-years' faces glowed palely in the candlelight. A small boy right in the middle of the row looked as though he was trembling. Harry recalled, fleetingly, how terrified he had felt when he had stood there, waiting for the unknown test that would determine to which house he belonged.  The whole school waited with bated breath. Then the rip near the hat's brim opened wide like a mouth and the Sorting Hat burst into song:In times of old when I was newAnd Hogwarts barely startedThe founders of our noble schoolThought never to be parted:United by a common goal,They had the selfsame yearning,To make the world's best magic schoolAnd pass along their learning.'Together we will build and teach!'The four good friends decidedAnd never did they dream that theyMight some day be divided,For were there such friends anywhereAs Slytherin and Gryffindor?Unless it was the second pairOf Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw?So how could it have gone so wrong?How could such friendships fail?Why, I was there and so can tellThe whole sad, sorry tale.Said Slytherin, 'We'll teach just thoseWhose ancestry is purest.'Said Ravenclaw, 'We'll teach those whoseIntelligence is surest.'Said Gryffindor, 'We'll teach all thoseWith brave deeds to their name,'Said Hufflepuff, 'I'll teach the lot,And treat them just the same.'These differences caused little strifeWhen first they came to light,For each of the four founders hadA house in which they mightTake only those they wanted, so,For instance, SlytherinTook only pure-blood wizardsOf great cunning, just like him,And only those of sharpest mindWere taught by RavenclawWhile the bravest and the boldestWent to daring Gryffindor.Good Hufflepuff, she took the rest,And taught them all she knew,Thus the houses and their foundersRetained friendships firm and true.So Hogwarts worked in harmonyFor several happy years,But then discord crept among usFeeding on our faults and fears.The houses that, like pillars four,Had once held up our school,Now turned upon each other and,Divided, sought to rule.And for a while it seemed the schoolMust meet an early end,What with duelling and with fightingAnd the clash of friend on friendAnd at last there came c morningWhen old Slytherin departedAnd though the fighting then died outHe left us quite downhearted.And never since the founders fourWere whittled down to threeHave the houses been unitedAs they once were meant to be.And now the Sorting Hat is hereAnd you all know the score:I sort you into housesBecause that is what I'm for,But this year I'll go further,Listen closely to my song:Though condemned I am to split youStill I worry that it's wrong,Though I must fulfil my dutyAnd must quarter every yearStill I wonder whether SortingMay not bring the end I fear.Oh, know the perils, read the signs,The warning history shows,For our Hogwarts is in dangerFrom external, deadly foesAnd we must unite inside herOr we'll crumble from withinI have told you, I have warned you . . .Let the Sorting now begin.The Hat became motionless once more	 applause broke out, though it was punctured, for the first time in Harry's memory, with muttering and whispers. All across the Great Hall students were exchanging remarks with their neighbours, and Harry, clapping along with everyone else, knew exactly what they were talking about.  'Branched out a bit this year, hasn't it?' said Ron, his eyebrows raised.  Too right it has,' said Harry.  The Sorting Hat usually confined itself to describing the different qualities looked for by each of the four Hogwarts houses and its own role in Sorting them. Harry could not remember it ever trying to give the school advice before.  'I wonder if it's ever given warnings before?' said Hermione, sounding slightly anxious.  'Yes, indeed,' said Nearly Headless Nick knowledgeably, leaning across Neville towards her (Neville winced	 it was very uncomfortable to have a ghost lean through you). The Hat feels itself honour-bound to give the school due warning whenever it feels - '  But Professor McGonagall, who was waiting to read out the list of first-years' names, was giving the whispering students the sort of look that scorches. Nearly Headless Nick placed a see-through finger to his lips and sat primly upright again as the muttering came to an abrupt end. With a last frowning look that swept the lour house tables, Professor McGonagall lowered her eyes to her long piece of parchment and called out the first name.  'Abercrombie, Euan.'  The terrified-looking boy Harry had noticed earlier stumbled forwards and put the Hat on his head	 it was only prevented from falling right down to his shoulders by his very prominent ears. The Hat considered for a moment, then the rip near the brim opened again and shouted:  'Gryffindor!'  Harry clapped loudly with the rest of Gryffindor house as Euan Abercrombie staggered to their table and sat down, looking as though he would like very much to sink through the floor and never be looked at again.  Slowly, the long line of first-years thinned. In the pauses between the names and the Sorting Hat's decisions, Harry could hear Ron's stomach rumbling loudly. Finally, 'Zeller, Rose' was Sorted into Hufflepuff, and Professor McGonagall picked up the Hat and stool and marched them away as Professor Dumbledore rose to his feet.  Whatever his recent bitter feelings had been towards his Headmaster, Harry was somehow soothed to see Dumbledore standing before them all. Between the absence of Hagrid and the presence of those dragonish horses, he had felt that his return to Hogwarts, so long anticipated, was full of unexpected surprises, like jarring notes in a familiar song. But this, at least, was how it was supposed to be: their Headmaster rising to greet them all before the start-of-term feast.  'To our newcomers,' said Dumbledore in a ringing voice, his arms stretched wide and a beaming smile on his lips, 'welcome! To our old hands - welcome back! There is a time for speech-making, but this is not it. Tuck in!'  There was an appreciative laugh and an outbreak of applause as Dumbledore sat down neatly and threw his long beard over his shoulder so as to keep it out of the way of his plate - for food had appeared out of nowhere, so that the five long tables were groaning under joints and pies and dishes of vegetables, bread and sauces and flagons of pumpkin juice.  'Excellent,' said Ron, with a kind of groan of longing, and he seized the nearest plate of chops and began piling them on to his plate, watched wistfully by Nearly Headless Nick.  'What were you saying before the Sorting?' Hermione asked the ghost. 'About the Hat giving warnings?'  'Oh, yes,' said Nick, who seemed glad of a reason to turn away from Ron, who was now eating roast potatoes with almost indecent enthusiasm. 'Yes, I have heard the Hat give several warnings before, always at times when it detects periods of great danger for the school. And always, of course, its advice is the same: stand together, be strong from within.'  'Ow kunnit nofe skusin danger ifzat?' said Ron.  His mouth was so full Harry thought it was quite an achievement for him to make any noise at all.  'I beg your pardon?' said Nearly Headless Nick politely, while Hermione looked revolted. Ron gave an enormous swallow and said, 'How can it know if the school's in danger if it's a Hat?'  'I have no idea,' said Nearly Headless Nick. 'Of course, it lives in Dumbledore's office, so I daresay it picks things up there.'  'And it wants all the houses to be friends?' said Harry, looking over at the Slytherin table, where Draco Malfoy was holding court. 'Fat chance.'  'Well, now, you shouldn't take that attitude,' said Nick reprovingly. 'Peaceful co-operation, that's the key. We ghosts, though we belong to separate houses, maintain links of friendship. In spite of the competitiveness between Gryffindor and Slytherin, I would never dream of seeking an argument with the Bloody Baron.'  'Only because you're terrified of him,' said Ron.  Nearly Headless Nick looked highly affronted.  Terrified? I hope I, Sir Nicholas de Mimsy-Porpington, have never been guilty of cowardice in my life! The noble blood that runs in my veins -'  'What blood?' asked Ron. 'Surely you haven't still got - ?'  'It's a figure of speech!' said Nearly Headless Nick, now so annoyed his head was trembling ominously on his partially severed neck. 'I assume I am still allowed to enjoy the use of whichever words I like, even if the pleasures of eating and drinking are denied me! But I am quite used to students poking fun at my death, I assure you!'  'Nick, he wasn't really laughing at you!' said Hermione, throwing a furious look at Ron.  Unfortunately, Ron's mouth was packed to exploding point again and all he could manage was 'Node iddum eentup sechew,' which Nick did not seem to think constituted an adequate apology. Rising into the air, he straightened his feathered hat and swept away from them to the other end of the table, coming to rest between the Creevey brothers, Colin and Dennis.  'Well done, Ron,' snapped Hermione  'What?' said Ron indignantly, having managed, finally, to swallow his food. Tin not allowed to ask a simple question?'  'Oh, forget it,' said Hermione irritably, and the pair of them spent the rest of the meal in huffy silence.  Harry was too used to their bickering to bother trying to reconcile them	 he felt it was a better use of his time to eat his way steadily through his steak and kidney pie, then a large plateful of his favourite treacle tart.  When all the students had finished eating and the noise level in the Hall was starting to creep upwards again, Dumbledore got to his feet once more. Talking ceased immediately as all turned to face the Headmaster. Harry was feeling pleasantly drowsy now. His four-poster bed was waiting somewhere above, wonderfully warm and soft . . .  'Well, now that we are all digesting another magnificent feast, I beg a few moments of your attention for the usual start-of-term notices,' said Dumbledore. 'First-years ought to know that the Forest in the grounds is out-of-bounds to students - and a few of our older students ought to know by now, too.' (Harry, Ron and Hermione exchanged smirks.)  'Mr Filch, the caretaker, has asked me, for what he tells me is the four-hundred-and-sixty-second time, to remind you all that magic is not permitted in corridors between classes, nor are a number of other things, all of which can be checked on the extensive list now fastened to Mr Filch's office door.  'We have had two changes in staffing this year. We are very pleased to welcome back Professor Grubbly-Plank, who will be taking Care of Magical Creatures lessons	 we are also delighted to introduce Professor Umbridge, our new Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher.'  There was a round of polite but fairly unenthusiastic applause, during which Harry, Ron and Hermione exchanged slightly panicked looks	 Dumbledore had not said for how long Grubbly-Plank would be teaching.  Dumbledore continued, 'Tryouts for the house Quidditch teams will take place on the - '  He broke off, looking enquiringly at Professor Umbridge. As she was not much taller standing than sitting, there was a moment when nobody understood why Dumbledore had stopped talking, but then Professor Umbridge cleared her throat, 'Hem, hem,' and it became clear that she had got to her feet and was intending to make a speech.  Dumbledore only looked taken aback for a moment, then he sat down smartly and looked alertly at Professor Umbridge as though he desired nothing better than to listen to her talk. Other members of staff were not as adept at hiding their surprise. Professor Sprout's eyebrows had disappeared into her flyaway hair and Professor McGonagall's mouth was as thin as Harry had ever seen it. No new teacher had ever interrupted Dumbledore before. Many of the students were smirking	 this woman obviously did not know how things were done at Hogwarts.  Thank you, Headmaster,' Professor Umbridge simpered, 'for those kind words of welcome.'  Her voice was high-pitched, breathy and little-girlish and, again, Harry felt a powerful rush of dislike that he could not explain to himself
Order of the Phoenix=Professor UmbridgeSeamus dressed at top speed next morning and left the dormitory before Harry had even put on his socks.  'Does he think he'll turn into a nutter if he stays in a room with me too long?' asked Harry loudly as the hem of Seamus's robes wnipped out of sight.  'Don't worry about it, Harry,' Dean muttered, hoisting his schoolbag on to his shoulder, 'he's just . . .'  But apparently he was unable to say exactly what Seamus was, and after a slightly awkward pause followed him out of the room.  Neville and Ron both gave Harry an it's-his-problem-not-yours look, but Harry was not much consoled. How much more of this would he have to take?  'What's the matter?' asked Hermione five minutes later, catching up with Harry and Ron halfway across the common room as they all headed towards breakfast. 'You look absolutely - Oh for heavens sake.'  She was staring at the common-room noticeboard, where a large new sign had been put up.GALLONS OF GALLEONS!Pocket money failing to keep pace with your outgoings?Like to earn a little extra gold?Contact Fred and George Weasley, Gryffindor common room,for simple, part-time, virtually painless jobs.(We regret that all work is undertaken at applicant's own risk.)'They are the limit,' said Hermione grimly, taking down the sign, which Fred and George had pinned up ewer a poster giving the date of the first Hogsmeade weekend, which was to be in October. 'We'll have to talk to them, Ron.'  Ron looked positively alarmed.  'Why?'  'Because we're prefects!' said Hermione, as they climbed out through the portrait hole. 'It's up to us to stop this kind of thing!'  Ron said nothing	 Harry could tell from his glum expression that the prospect of stopping Fred and George doing exactly what they liked was not one he found inviting.  'Anyway, what's up, Harry?' Hermione continued, as they walked down a flight of stairs lined with portraits of old witches and wizards, all of whom ignored them, being engrossed in their own conversation. 'You look really angry about something.'  'Seamus reckons Harry's lying about You-Know-Who,' said Ron succinctly, when Harry did not respond.  Hermione, who Harry had expected to react angrily on his behalf, sighed.  'Yes, Lavender thinks so too,' she said gloomily.  'Been having a nice little chat with her about whether or not I'm a lying, attention-seeking prat, have you?' Harry said loudly.  'No,' said Hermione calmly. 'I told her to keep her big fat mouth shut about you, actually. And it would be quite nice if you stopped jumping down our throats, Harry, because in case you haven't noticed, Ron and I are on your side.'  There was a short pause.  'Sorry,' said Harry in a low voice.  That's quite all right,' said Hermione with dignity. Then she shook her head. 'Don't you remember what Dumbledore said at the last end-of-term feast?'  Harry and Ron both looked at her blankly and Hermione sighed again.  'About You-Know-Who. He said his gift for spreading discord and enmity is very great. We can fight it only by showing an equally strong bond of friendship and trust -  '  'How do you remember stuff like that?' asked Ron, looking at her in admiration.  'I listen, Ron,' said Hermione, with a touch of asperity.  'So do I, but I still couldn't tell you exactly what - '  The point,' Hermione pressed on loudly, 'is that this sort of thing is exactly what Dumbledore was talking about. You-Know-Who's only been back two months and we've already started fighting among ourselves. And the Sorting Hat's warning was the same: stand together, be united - '  'And Harry got it right last night,' retorted Ron. 'If that means we're supposed to get matey with the Slytherins - fat chance.'  'Well, I think it's a pity we're not trying for a bit of inter-house unity,' said Hermione crossly.  They had reached the foot of the marble staircase. A line of fourth-year Ravenclaws was crossing the Entrance Hall	 they caught sight of Harry and hurried to form a tighter group, as though frightened he might attack stragglers.  'Yeah, we really ought to be trying to make friends with people like that,' said Harry sarcastically.  They followed the Ravenclaws into the Great Hall, all looking instinctively at the staff table as they entered. Professor Grubbly-Plank was chatting to Professor Sinistra, the Astronomy teacher, and Hagrid was once again conspicuous only by his absence. The enchanted ceiling above them echoed Harry's mood	 it was a miserable rain-cloud grey.  'Dumbledore didn't even mention how long that Grubbly-Plank woman's staying,' he said, as they made their way across to the Gryffindor table.  'Maybe . . .' said Hermione thoughtfully.  'What?' said both Harry and Ron together.  'Well . . . maybe he didn't want to draw attention to Hagrid not being here.'  'What d'you mean, draw attention to it?' said Ron, half-laughing. 'How could we not notice?'  Before Hermione could answer, a tall black girl with long braided hair had marched up to Harry.  'Hi, Angelina.'  'Hi,' she said briskly, 'good summer?' And without waiting for an answer, 'Listen, I've been made Gryffindor Quidditch Captain.'  'Nice one,' said Harry, grinning at her	 he suspected Angelina's pep talks might not be as long-winded as Oliver Wood's had been, which could only be an improvement.  'Yeah, well, we need a new Keeper now Oliver's left. Tryouts are on Friday at five o'clock and I want the whole team there, all right? Then we can see how the new person'll fit in.'  'OK,' said Harry.  Angelina smiled at him and departed.  'I'd forgotten Wood had left,' said Hermione vaguely as she sat down beside Ron and pulled a plate of toast towards her. 'I suppose that will make quite a difference to the team?'  'I s'pose,' said Harry, taking the bench opposite. 'He was a good Keeper . . .'  'Still, it won't hurt to have some new blood, will it?' said Ron.  With a whoosh and a clatter, hundreds of owls came soaring in through the upper windows. They descended all over the Hall, bringing letters and packages to their owners and showering the breakfasters with droplets of water	 it was clearly raining hard outside. Hedwig was nowhere to be seen, but Harry was hardly surprised	 his only correspondent was Sirius, and he doubted Sirius would have anything new to tell him after only twenty-four hours apart. Hermione, however, had to move her orange juice aside quickly to make way gor a large damp barn owl bearing a sodden Daily Prophet in its beak.  What are you still getting that for?' said Harry irritably, thinking of Seamus as Hermione placed a Knut in the leather pouch on the owl's leg and it took off again. 'I'm not bothering . . . load of rubbish.'  'It's best to know what the enemy is saying,' said Hermione darkly, and she unfurled the newspaper and disappeared behind it, not emerging until Harry and Ron had finished eating.  'Nothing,' she said simply, rolling up the newspaper and laying it down by her plate. 'Nothing about you or Dumbledore or anything.'  Professor McGonagall was now moving along the table handing out timetables.  'Look at today!' groaned Ron. 'History of Magic, double Potions,  Divination and double Defence Against the Dark Arts . . . Binns, Snape, Trelawney and that Umbridge woman all in one day! I wish Fred and George'd hurry up and get those Skiving Snackboxes sorted . . .  'Do mine ears deceive me?' said Fred, arriving with George and squeezing on to the bench beside Harry. 'Hogwarts prefects surely don't wish to skive off lessons?'  'Look what we've got today,' said Ron grumpily, shoving his timetable under Fred's nose. 'That's the worst Monday I've ever seen.'  'Fair point, little bro,' said Fred, scanning the column. 'You can have a bit of Nosebleed Nougat cheap if you like.'  'Why's it cheap?' said Ron suspiciously.  'Because you'll keep bleeding till you shrivel up, we haven't got an antidote yet,' said George, helping himself to a kipper.  'Cheers,' said Ron moodily, pocketing his timetable, 'but I think I'll take the lessons.'  'And speaking of your Skiving Snackboxes,' said Hermione, eyeing Fred and George beadily, 'you can't advertise for testers on the Gryffindor noticeboard.'  'Says who?' said George, looking astonished.  'Says me,' said Hermione. 'And Ron.'  'Leave me out of it,' said Ron hastily.  Hermione glared at him. Fred and George sniggered.  'You'll be singing a different tune soon enough, Hermione,' said Fred, thickly buttering a crumpet. 'You're starting your fifth year, you'll be begging us for a Snackbox before long.'  'And why would starting fifth year mean I want a Skiving Snackbox?' asked Hermione.  'Fifth year's OWL year,' said George.  'So?'  'So you've got your exams coming up, haven't you? They'll be keeping your noses so hard to that grindstone they'll be rubbed raw,' said Fred with satisfaction.  'Half our year had minor breakdowns coming up to OWLs,' said George happily. Tears and tantrums . . . Patricia Stimpson kept coming over faint . . .'  'Kenneth Towler came out in boils, d'you remember?' said Fred remmiscently.  That's 'cause you put Bulbadox powder in his pyjamas,' said George.  'Oh yeah,' said Fred, grinning. 'I'd forgotten . . . hard to keep track sometimes, isn't it?'  'Anyway, it's a nightmare of a year, the fifth,' said George. 'If you care about exam results, anyway. Fred and I managed to keep our peckers up somehow.'  'Yeah . . . you got, what was it, three OWLs each?' said Ron.  'Yep,' said Fred unconcernedly. 'But we feel our futures lie outside the world of academic achievement.'  'We seriously debated whether we were going to bother coming back for our seventh year,' said George brightly, 'now that we've got-  He broke off at a warning look from Harry, who knew George had been about to mention the Triwizard winnings he had given them.  ' - now that we've got our OWLs,' George said hastily. 'I mean, do we really need NEWTs? But we didn't think Mum could take us leaving school early not on top of Percy turning out to be the world's biggest prat.'  We're not going to waste our last year here, though,' said Fred, looking affectionately around at the Great Hall. 'We're going to use it to do a bit of market research, find out exactly what the average Hogwarts student requires from a joke shop, carefully evaluate the results of our research, then produce products to fit the demand.'  'But where are you going to get the gold to start a joke shop?' Hermione asked sceptically. 'You're going to need all the ingredients and materials - and premises too, I suppose . . .'  Harry did not look at the twins. His face felt hot	 he deliberately dropped his fork and dived down to retrieve it. He heard Fred say overhead, 'Ask us no questions and we'll tell you no lies, Hermione. C'mon, George, if we get there early we might be able to sell a few Extendable Ears before Herbology.'  Harry emerged from under the table to see Fred and George walking away, each carrying a stack of toast.  'What did that mean?' said Hermione, looking from Harry to F.on. ' Ask us no questions . . . Does that mean they've already got some gold to start a joke shop?'  'You know, I've been wondering about that,' said Ron, his brow furrowed. 'They bought me a new set of dress robes this summer and I couldn't understand where they got the Galleons . . .'  Harry decided it was time to steer the conversation out of these dangerous waters.  'D'you reckon it's true this year's going to be really tough? Because of the exams?'  'Oh, yeah,' said Ron. 'Bound to be, isn't it? OWLs are really important, affect the jobs you can apply for and everything. We get career advice, too, later this year, Bill told me. So you can choose what NEWTs you want to do next year.'  'D'you know what you want to do after Hogwarts?' Harry asked the other two, as they left the Great Hall shortly afterwards and set off towards their History of Magic classroom.  'Not really,' said Ron slowly. 'Except . . . well . . .'  He looked slightly sheepish.  What?' Harry urged him.  Well, it'd be cool to be an Auror,' said Ron in an off-hand voice.  'Yeah, it would,' said Harry fervently.  'But they're, like, the elite,' said Ron. 'You've got to be really good. What about you, Hermione?'  'I don't know,' she said. 'I think I'd like to do something really worthwhile.'  'An Aurors worthwhile!' said Harry.  'Yes, it is, but it's not the only worthwhile thing,' said Hermione thoughtfully, 'I mean, if I could take SPEW further . . .'  Harry and Ron carefully avoided looking at each other.  History of Magic was by common consent the most boring subject ever devised by wizardkind. Professor Binns, their ghost teacher, had a wheezy, droning voice that was almost guaranteed to cause severe drowsiness within ten minutes, five in warm weather. He never varied the form of their lessons, but lectured them without pausing while they took notes, or rather, gazed sleepily into space. Harry and Ron had so far managed to scrape passes in this subject only by copying Hermione's notes before exams	 she alone seemed able to resist the soporific power of Binns's voice.  Today, they suffered an hour and a half's droning on the subject of giant wars. Harry heard just enough within the first ten minutes to appreciate dimly that in another teacher's hands this subject might have been mildly interesting, but then his brain disengaged, and he spent the remaining hour and twenty minutes playing hangman on a corner of his parchment with Ron, while Hermione shot them filthy looks out of the corner of her eye.  'How would it be,' she asked them coldly, as they left the classroom for break (Binns drifting away through the blackboard), 'if I refused to lend you my notes this year?'  'We'd fail our OWL, said Ron. 'If you want that on your conscience, Hermione . . .'  'Well, you'd deserve it,' she snapped. 'You don't even try to listen to him, do you?'  'We do try,' said Ron. 'We just haven't got your brains or your memory or your concentration - you're just cleverer than we are - is it nice to rub it in?'  'Oh, don't give me that rubbish,' said Hermione, but she looked slightly mollified as she led the way out into the damp courtyard.  A fine misty drizzle was falling, so that the people standing in huddles around the edges of the yard looked blurred at the edges. Harry, Ron and Hermione chose a secluded corner under a heavily dripping balcony, turning up the collars of their robes against the chilly September air and talking about what Snape was likely to set them in the first lesson of the year. They had got as far as agreeing that it was likely to be something extremely difficult, just to catch them off guard after a two-month holiday, when someone walked around the corner towards them.  'Hello, Harry!'  It was Cho Chang and, what was more, she was on her own again. This was most unusual: Cho was almost always surrounded by a gang of giggling girls	 Harry remembered the agony of trying to get her by herself to ask her to the Yule Ball.  'Hi,' said Harry, feeling his face grow hot. At least you're not covered in Stinksap this time, he told himself. Cho seemed to be thinking along the same lines.  'You got that stuff off, then?'  'Yeah,' said Harry, trying to grin as though the memory of their last meeting was funny as opposed to mortifying. 'So, did you . . . er . . . have a good summer?'  The moment he had said this he wished he hadn't - Cedric had been Cho's boyfriend and the memory of his death must have affected her holiday almost as badly as it had affected Harry's. Something seemed to tauten in her face, but she said, 'Oh, it was all right, you know . . .'  'Is that a Tornados badge?' Ron demanded suddenly, pointing to the front of Cho's robes, where a sky-blue badge emblazoned with a double gold 'T' was pinned. 'You don't support them, do you?'  'Yeah, I do,' said Cho.  'Have you always supported them, or just since they started winning the league?' said Ron, in what Harry considered an unnecessarily accusatory tone of voice.  'I've supported them since I was six,' said Cho coolly. 'Anyway . . . see you, Harry.'  She walked away. Hermione waited until Cho was halfway across the courtyard before rounding on Ron.  'You are so tactless!'  'What? I only asked her if - '  'Couldn't you tell she wanted to talk to Harry on her own?'  'So? She could've done, I wasn't stopping - '  'Why on earth were you attacking her about her Quidditch team?'  'Attacking? I wasn't attacking her, I was only - '  'Who cares if she supports the Tornados?'  'Oh, come on, half the people you see wearing those badges only bought them last season - '  'But what does it matter?'  'It means they're not real fans, they're just jumping on the bandwagon - '  That's the bell,' said Harry dully, because Ron and Hermione were bickering too loudly to hear it. They did not stop arguing all the way down to Snapes dungeon, which gave Harry plenty of time to reflect that between Neville and Ron he would be lucky ever to have two minutes of conversation with Cho that he could look back on without wanting to leave the country.  And yet, he thought, as they joined the queue lining up outside Snape's classroom door, she had chosen to come and talk to him, hadn't she? She had been Cedric's girlfriend	 she could easily have hated Harry for coming out of the Triwizard maze alive when Cedric had died, yet she was talking to him in a perfectly friendly way, not as though she thought him mad, or a liar, or in some horrible way responsible for Cedric's death . . . yes, she had definitely chosen to come and talk to him, and that made the second time in two days . . . and at this thought, Harry's spirits rose. Even the ominous sound of Snape's dungeon door creaking open did not puncture the small, hopeful bubble that seemed to have swelled in his chest. He filed into the classroom behind Ron and Hermione and followed them to their usual table at the back, where he sat down between Ron and Hermione and ignored the huffy, irritable noises now issuing from both of them.  'Settle down,' said Snape coldly, shutting the door behind him.  There was no real need for the call to order	 the moment the class had heard the door close, quiet had fallen and all fidgeting stopped. Snape's mere presence was usually enough to ensure a class's silence.  'Before we begin today's lesson,' said Snape, sweeping over to his desk and staring around at them all, 'I think it appropriate to remind you that next June you will be sitting an important examination, during which you will prove how much you have learned about the composition and use of magical potions. Moronic though some of this class undoubtedly are, I expect you to scrape an Acceptable in your OWL, or suffer my . . . displeasure.'  His gaze lingered this time on Neville, who gulped.  'After this year, of course, many of you will cease studying with me,' Snape went on. 'I take only the very best into my NEWT Potions class, which means that some of us will certainly be saying goodbye.'  His eyes rested on Harry and his lip curled. Harry glared back, feeling a grim pleasure at the idea that he would be able to give up Potions after fifth year.  'But we have another year to go before that happy moment of farewell,' said Snape softly, 'so, whether or not you are intending to attempt NEWT, I advise all of you to concentrate your efforts upon maintaining the high pass level I have come to expect from my OWL students.  'Today we will be mixing a potion that often comes up at Ordinary Wizarding Level: the Draught of Peace, a potion to calm anxiety and soothe agitation. Be warned: if you are too heavy-handed with the ingredients you will put the drinker into a heavy and sometimes irreversible sleep, so you will need to pay close attention to what you are doing.' On Harry's left, Hermione sat up a little straighter, her expression one of utmost attention. The ingredients and method - ' Snape flicked his wand ' - are on the blackboard - (they appeared there) ' - you will find everything you need - ' he flicked his wand again ' - in the store cupboard - ' (the door of the said cupboard sprang open) ' - you have an hour and a half . . . start.'  Just as Harry, Ron and Hermione had predicted, Snape could hardly have set them a more difficult, fiddly potion. The ingredients had to be added to the cauldron in precisely the right order and quantities	 the mixture had to be stirred exactly the right number of times, firstly in clockwise, then in anti-clockwise directions	 the heat of the flames on which it was simmering had to be lowered to exactly the right level for a specific number of minutes before the final ingredient was added.  'A light silver vapour should now be rising from your potion,' called Snape, with ten minutes left to go.  Harry, who was sweating profusely, looked desperately around the dungeon. His own cauldron was issuing copious amounts of dark grey steam
Order of the Phoenix=Dentention with DeloresDinner in the Great Hall that night was not a pleasant experience for Harry. The news about his shouting match with Umbridge had travelled exceptionally fast even by Hogwarts' standards. He heard whispers all around him as he sat eating between Ron and Hermione. The funny thing was that none of the whisperers seemed to mind him overhearing what they were saying about him. On the contrary, it was as though they were hoping he would get angry and start shouting again, so that they could hear his story first-hand.  'He says he saw Cedric Diggory murdered . . .'  'He reckons he duelled with You-Know-Who . . .'  'Come off it . . .'  'Who does he think he's kidding?'  'Pur-lease . . .'  'What I don't get,' said Harry through clenched teeth, laying down his knife and fork (his hands were shaking too much to hold them steady), 'is why they all believed the story two months ago when Dumbledore told them . . .'  The thing is, Harry, I'm not sure they did,' said Hermione grimly. 'Oh, let's get out of here.'  She slammed down her own knife and fork	 Ron looked longingly at his half-finished apple pie but followed suit. People stared s t them all the way out of the Hall.  'What d'you mean, you're not sure they believed Dumbledore?' Harry asked Hermione when they reached the first-floor landing.  'Look, you don't understand what it was like after it happened,' said Hermione quietly. 'You arrived back in the middle of the lawn clutching Cedric's dead body . . . none of us saw what what happened in the maze . . . we just had Dumbledore's word for it that You-Know-Who had come back and killed Cedric and fought you.'  'Which is the truth!' said Harry loudly.  'I know it is, Harry, so will you please stop biting my head off?' said Hermione wearily. 'It's just that before the truth could sink in, everyone went home for the summer, where they spent two months reading about how you're a nutcase and Dumbledore's going senile!'  Rain pounded on the windowpanes as they strode along the empty corridors back to Gryffindor Tower. Harry felt as though his first day had lasted a week, but he still had a mountain of homework to do before bed. A dull pounding pain was developing over his right eye. He glanced out of a rain-washed window at the dark grounds as they turned into the Fat Lady's corridor. There was still no light in Hagrid's cabin.  'Mimbulus mimbletonia,' said Hermione, before the Fat Lady could ask. The portrait swung open to reveal the hole behind it and the three of them scrambled through it.  The common room was almost empty	 nearly everyone was still down at dinner. Crookshanks uncoiled himself from an armchair and trotted to meet them, purring loudly, and when Harry, Ron and Hermione took their three favourite chairs at the fireside he leapt lightly on to Hermione's lap and curled up there like a furry ginger cushion. Harry gazed into the flames, feeling drained and exhausted.  'How can Dumbledore have let this happen?' Hermione cried suddenly, making Harry and Ron jump	 Crookshanks leapt off her, looking affronted. She pounded the arms of her chair in fury, so that bits of stuffing leaked out of the holes. 'How can he let that terrible woman teach us? And in our OWL year, too!'  'Well, we've never had great Defence Against the Dark Arts teachers, have we?' said Harry. 'You know what it's like, Hagrid told us, nobody wants the job	 they say it's jinxed.'  'Yes, but to employ someone who's actually refusing to let us do magic! What's Dumbledore playing at?'  'And she's trying to get people to spy for her,' said Ron darkly.  'Remember when she said she wanted us to come and tell her if we hear anyone saying You-Know-Who's back?'  'Of course she's here to spy on us all, that's obvious, why else would Fudge have wanted her to come?' snapped Hermione.  'Don't start arguing again,' said Harry wearily, as Ron opened his mouth to retaliate. 'Can't we just. . . let's just do that homework, get it out of the way. . .'  They collected their schoolbags from a corner and returned to the chairs by the fire. People were coming back from dinner now. Harry kept his face averted from the portrait hole, but could still sense the stares he was attracting.  'Shall we do Snape's stuff first?' said Ron, dipping his quill into his ink. The properties. . . of moonstone. . . and its uses . . . in potion-making. . . ' he muttered, writing the words across the top of his parchment as he spoke them. There.' He underlined the title, then looked up expectantly at Hermione.  'So, what are the properties of moonstone and its uses in potion-making?'  But Hermione was not listening	 she was squinting over into the far corner of the room, where Fred, George and Lee Jordan were now sitting at the centre of a knot of innocent-looking first-years, all of whom were chewing something that seemed to have come out of a large paper bag that Fred was holding.  'No, I'm sorry, they've gone too far,' she said, standing up and looking positively furious. 'Come on, Ron.'  'I - what?' said Ron, plainly playing for time. 'No - come on, Hermione - we can't tell them off for giving out sweets.'  'You know perfectly well that those are bits of Nosebleed Nougat or - or Puking Pastilles or - '  'Fainting Fancies?' Harry suggested quietly.  One by one, as though hit over the head with an invisible mallet, the first-years were slumping unconscious in their seats	 some slid right on to the floor, others merely hung over the arms of their chairs, their tongues lolling out. Most of the people watching were laughing	 Hermione, however, squared her shoulders and marched directly over to where Fred and George now stood with clipboards, closely observing the unconscious first-years. Ron rose halfway out of his chair, hovered uncertainly for a moment or two, then muttered to Harry, 'She's got it under control,' before sinking as low in his chair as his lanky frame permitted.  That's enough!' Hermione said forcefully to Fred and George, both of whom looked up in mild surprise.  'Yeah, you're right,' said George, nodding, 'this dosage looks strong enough, doesn't it?'  'I told you this morning, you can't test your rubbish on students!'  'We're paying them!' said Fred indignantly.  'I don't care, it could be dangerous!'  'Rubbish,' said Fred.  'Calm clown, Hermione, they're fine!' said Lee reassuringly as he walked from first-year to first-year, inserting purple sweets into their open mouths.  'Yeah, look, they're coming round now,' said George.  A few of the first-years were indeed stirring. Several looked so shocked to find themselves lying on the floor, or dangling off their chairs, that Harry was sure Fred and George had not warned them what the sweets were going to do.  'Feel all right?' said George kindly to a small dark-haired girl lying at his feet.  'I - I think so,' she said shakily.  'Excellent,' said Fred happily, but the next second Hermione had snatched both his clipboard and the paper bag of Fainting Fancies from his hands.  'It is NOT excellent!'  'Course it is, they're alive, aren't they?' said Fred angrily.  'You can't do this, what if you made one of them really ill?'  'We're not going to make them ill, we've already tested them all on ourselves, this is just to see if everyone reacts the same - '  'If you don't stop doing it, I'm going to - '  'Put us in detention?' said Fred, in an I'd-like-to-see-you-try-it voice.  'Make us write lines?' said George, smirking.  Onlookers all over the room were laughing. Hermione drew herself up to her full height	 her eyes were narrowed and her bushy hair seemed to crackle with electricity.  'No,' she said, her voice quivering with anger, 'but I will write to your mother.'  'You wouldn't,' said George, horrified, taking a step back from her.  'Oh, yes, I would,' said Hermione grimly. 'I can't stop you eating the stupid things yourselves, but you're not to give them to the first-years,'  Fred and George looked thunderstruck. It was clear that as far as they were concerned, Hermione's threat was way below the belt. With a last threatening look at them, she thrust Fred's clipboard and the bag of Fancies back into his arms, and stalked back to her chair by the fire.  Ron was now so low in his seat that his nose was roughly level with his knees.  Thank you for your support, Ron,' Hermione said acidly.  'You handled it fine by yourself,' Ron mumbled.  Hermione stared down at her blank piece of parchment for a few seconds, then said edgily, 'Oh, it's no good, I can't concentrate now. I'm going to bed.'  She wrenched her bag open	 Harry thought she was about to put her books away, but instead she pulled out two misshapen woolly objects, placed them carefully on a table by the fireplace, covered them with a few screwed-up bits of parchment and a broken quill and stood back to admire the effect.  'What in the name of Merlin are you doing?' said Ron, watching her as though fearful for her sanity.  They're hats for house-elves,' she said briskly now stuffing her books back into her bag. 'I did them over the summer. I'm a really slow knitter without magic but now I'm back at school I should be able to make lots more.'  'You're leaving out hats for the house-elves?' said Ron slowly. 'And you're covering them up with rubbish first?'  'Yes,' said Hermione defiantly, swinging her bag on to her back.  That's not on,' said Ron angrily. 'You're trying to trick them into picking up the hats. You're setting them free when they might not want to be free.'  'Of course they want to be free!' said Hermione at once, though  her face was turning pink. 'Don't you dare touch those hats, Ron!'  She turned on her heel and left. Ron waited until she had disappeared through the door to the girls' dormitories, then cleared the rubbish off the woolly hats.  They should at least see what they're picking up,' he said firmly. 'Anyway . . .' he rolled up the parchment on which he had written the title of Snape's essay, 'there's no point trying to finish this now, I can't do it without Hermione, I haven't got a clue what you're supposed to do with moonstones, have you?'  Harry shook his head, noticing as he did so that the ache in his right temple was getting worse. He thought of the long essay on giant wars and the pain stabbed at him sharply. Knowing perfectly well that when the morning came, he would regret not finishing his homework that night, he piled his books back into his bag.  'I'm going to bed too.'  He passed Seamus on the way to the door leading to the dormitories, but did not look at him. Harry had a fleeting impression that Seamus had opened his mouth to speak, but he sped up and reached the soothing peace of the stone spiral staircase without having to endure any more provocation.*The following day dawned just as leaden and rainy as the previous one. Hagrid was still absent from the staff table at breakfast.  'But on the plus side, no Snape today,' said Ron bracingly.  Hermione yawned widely and poured herself some coffee. She looked mildly pleased about something, and when Ron asked her what she had to be so happy about, she simply said, The hats have gone. Seems the house-elves do want freedom after all.'  'I wouldn't bet on it,' Ron told her cuttingly. They might not count as clothes. They didn't look anything like hats to me, more like woolly bladders.'  Hermione did not speak to him all morning.  Double Charms was succeeded by double Transfiguration. Professor Flitwick and Professor McGonagall both spent the first fifteen minutes of their lessons lecturing the class on the importance of OWLs.  'What you must remember,' said little Professor Flitwick squeakily, perched as ever on a pile of books so that he could see over the top of his desk, 'is that these examinations may influence your futures for many years to come! If you have not already given serious thought to your careers, now is the time to do so. And in :he meantime, I'm afraid, we shall be working harder than ever to ensure that you all do yourselves justice!'  They then spent over an hour revising Summoning Charms, which according to Professor Flitwick were bound to come up in their OWL, and he rounded off the lesson by setting them their largest ever amount of Charms homework.  It was the same, if not worse, in Transfiguration.  'You cannot pass an OWL,' said Professor McGonagall grimly, 'without serious application, practice and study. I see no reason why everybody in this class should not achieve an OWL in Transfiguration as long as they put in the work.' Neville made a sad little disbelieving noise. 'Yes, you too, Longbottom,' said Professor McGonagall. There's nothing wrong with your work except lack of confidence. So . . . today we are starting Vanishing Spells. These are easier than Conjuring Spells, which you would not usually attempt until NEWT level, but they are still among the most difficult magic you will be tested on in your OWL.'  She was quite right	 Harry found the Vanishing Spells horribly difficult. By the end of a double period, neither he nor Ron had managed to vanish the snails on which they were practising, though Ron said hopefully he thought his looked a bit paler. Hermione, on the other hand, successfully vanished her snail on the third attempt, earning her a ten-point bonus for Gryffindor from Professor McGonagall. She was the only person not given homework	 everybody else was told to practise the spell overnight, ready for a fresh attempt on their snails the following afternoon.  Now panicking slightly about the amount of homework they had to do, Harry and Ron spent their lunch hour in the library looking up the uses of moonstones in potion-making. Still angry about Ron's slur on her woolly hats, Hermione did not join them. By the time they reached Care of Magical Creatures in the afternoon, Harry's head was aching again.  The day had become cool and breezy, and as they walked down the sloping lawn towards Hagrid's cabin on the edge of the Forbidden Forest, they felt the occasional drop of rain on their faces. Professor Grubbly-Plank stood waiting for the class some ten yards from Hagrid's front door, a long trestle table in front of her laden with twigs. As Harry and Ron reached her, a loud shout of laughter sounded behind them	 turning, they saw Draco Malfoy striding towards them, surrounded by his usual gang of Slytherin cronies. He had clearly just said something highly amusing, because Crabbe, Goyle, Pansy Parkinson and the rest continued to snigger heartily as they gathered around the trestle table and, judging by the way they all kept looking over at Harry, he was able to guess the subject of the joke without too much difficulty.  'Everyone here?' barked Professor Grubbly-Plank, once all the Slytherins and Gryffindors had arrived. 'Let's crack on then. Who can tell me what these things are called?'  She indicated the heap of twigs in front of her. Hermione's hand shot into the air. Behind her back, Malfoy did a buck-toothed imitation of her jumping up and down in eagerness to answer a question. Pansy Parkinson gave a shriek of laughter that turned almost at once into a scream, as the twigs on the table leapt into the air and revealed themselves to be what looked like tiny pixie-ish creatures made of wood, each with knobbly brown arms and legs, two twiglike fingers at the end of each hand and a funny flat, barklike face in which a pair of beetle-brown eyes glittered.  'Oooooh!' said Parvati and Lavender, thoroughly irritating Harry. Anyone would have thought Hagrid had never shown them impressive creatures	 admittedly, the Flobberworms had been a bit dull, but the Salamanders and Hippogriffs had been interesting enough, and the Blast-Ended Skrewts perhaps too much so.  'Kindly keep your voices down, girls!' said Professor Grubbly-Plank sharply, scattering a handful of what looked like brown rice among the stick-creatures, who immediately fell upon the food. 'So - anyone know the names of these creatures? Miss Granger?'  'Bowtruckles,' said Hermione. They're tree-guardians, usually live in wand-trees.'  'Five points for Gryffindor,' said Professor Grubbly-Plank. 'Yes, these are Bowtruckles, and as Miss Granger rightly says, they generally live in trees whose wood is of wand quality. Anybody know what they eat?'  'Woodlice,' said Hermione promptly, which explained why what Harry had taken to be grains of brown rice were moving. 'But fairy eggs if they can get them.'  'Good girl, take another five points.. So, whenever you need leaves or wood from a tree in which a Bowtruckle lodges, it is wise to have a gift of woodlice ready to distract or placate it. They may not look dangerous, but if angered they will try to gouge at human eyes with their fingers, which, as you can see, are very sharp and not at all desirable near the eyeballs. So if you'd like to gather closer, take a few woodlice and a Bowtruckle - I have enough here for one between three - you can study them more closely. I want a sketch from each of you with all body-parts labelled by the end of the lesson.'  The class surged forwards around the trestle table. Harry deliberately circled around the back so that he ended up right next to Professor Grubbly-Plank.  'Where's Hagrid?' he asked her, while everyone else was choosing Bowtruckles.  'Never you mind,' said Professor Grubbly-Plank repressively, which had been her attitude last time Hagrid had failed to turn up for a class, too. Smirking all over his pointed face, Draco Malfoy leaned across Harry and seized the largest Bowtruckle.  'Maybe,' said Malfoy in an undertone, so that only Harry could hear him, 'the stupid great oaf's got himself badly injured.'  'Maybe you will if you don't shut up,' said Harry out of the side of his mouth.  'Maybe he's been messing with stuff that's too big for him, if you get my drift.'  Malfoy walked away, smirking over his shoulder at Harry, who felt suddenly sick. Did Malfoy know something? His father was a Death Eater after all
Order of the Phoenix=Percy and PadfootHarry was first to wake up in his dormitory next morning. He lay for a moment watching dust swirl in the ray of sunlight coming through the gap in his four-poster's hangings, and savoured the thought that it was Saturday. The first week of term seemed to have dragged on for ever, like one gigantic History of Magic lesson.  Judging by the sleepy silence and the freshly minted look of that beam of sunlight, it was just after daybreak. He pulled open the curtains around his bed, got up and started to dress. The only sound apart from the distant twittering of birds was the slow, deep breathing of his fellow Gryffindors. He opened his schoolbag carefully, pulled out parchment and quill and headed out of the dormitory for the common room.  Making straight for his favourite squashy old armchair beside the now extinct fire, Harry settled himself down comfortably and unrolled his parchment while looking around the room. The detritus of crumpled-up bits of parchment, old Gobstones, empty ingredient jars and sweet wrappers that usually covered the common room at the end of each day was gone, as were all Hermione's elf hats. Wondering vaguely how many elves had now been set free whether they wanted to be or not, Harry uncorked his ink bottle, dipped his quill into it, then held it suspended an inch above the smooth yellowish surface of his parchment, thinking hard . . . but after a minute or so he found himself staring into the empty grate, at a complete loss for what to say.  He could now appreciate how hard it had been for Ron and Hermione to write him letters over the summer. How was he supposed to tell Sirius everything that had happened over the past week and pose all the questions he was burning to ask without giving potential letter-thieves a lot of information he did not want them to have?  He sat quite motionless for a while, gazing into the fireplace, then, finally coming to a decision, he dipped his quill into the ink bottle once more and set it resolutely on the parchment.Dear Snuffles,Hope you're OK, the first week back here's been terrible, I'm really glad it's the weekend.  We've got a new Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher, Professor Umbridge. She's nearly as nice as your mum. I'm writing because that thing I wrote to you about last summer happened again last night when I was doing a detention with Umbridge.  We're all missing our biggest friend, we hope he'll be back soon.  Please write back quickly.  Best,  HarryHarry reread the letter several times, trying to see it from the point of view of an outsider. He could not see how they would know what he was talking about - or who he was talking to - just from reading this letter. He did hope Sirius would pick up the hint about Hagrid and tell them when he might be back. Harry did not want to ask directly in case it drew too much attention to what Hagrid might be up to while he was not at Hogwarts.  Considering it was a very short letter, it had taken a long time to write	 sunlight had crept halfway across the room while he had been working on it and he could now hear distant sounds of movement from the dormitories above. Sealing the parchment carefully, he climbed through the portrait hole and headed off for the Owlery.  'I would not go that way if I were you,' said Nearly Headless Nick, drifting disconcertingly through a wall just ahead of Harry as he walked down the passage. 'Peeves is planning an amusing . joke on the next person to pass the bust of Paracelsus halfway down the corridor.'  'Does it involve Paracelsus falling on top of the persons head?' asked Harry.  'Funnily enough, it does,' said Nearly Headless Nick in a bored voice. 'Subtlety has never been Peeves's strong point. I'm off to try and find the Bloody Baron . . . he might be able to put a stop to it . . . see you, Harry . . .'  'Yeah, bye,' said Harry and instead of turning right, he turned left, taking a longer but safer route up to the Owlery. His spirits rose as he walked past window after window showing brilliantly blue sky	 he had training later, he would be back on the Quidditch pitch at last.  Something brushed his ankles. He looked down and saw the caretaker's skeletal grey cat, Mrs Norris, slinking past him. She turned lamplike yellow eyes on him for a moment before disappearing behind a statue of Wilfred the Wistful.  'I'm not doing anything wrong,' Harry called after her. She had the unmistakeable air of a cat that was off to report to her boss, yet Harry could not see why	 he was perfectly entitled to walk up to the Owlery on a Saturday morning.  The sun was high in the sky now and when Harry entered the Owlery the glassless windows dazzled his eyes	 thick silvery beams of sunlight crisscrossed the circular room in which hundreds of owls nestled on rafters, a little restless in the early-morning light, some clearly just returned from hunting. The straw-covered floor crunched a little as he stepped across tiny animal bones, craning his neck for a sight of Hedwig.  There you are,' he said, spotting her somewhere near the very top of the vaulted ceiling. 'Get down here, I've got a letter for you.'  With a low hoot she stretched her great white wings and soared down on to his shoulder.  'Right, I know this says Snuffles on the outside,' he told her, giving her the letter to clasp in her beak and, without knowing exactly why, whispering, 'but it's for Sirius, OK?'  She blinked her amber eyes once and he took that to mean that she understood.  'Safe flight, then,' said Harry and he carried her to one of the windows	 with a moments pressure on his arm, Hedwig took off into the blindingly bright sky. He watched her until she became a tiny black speck and vanished, then switched his gaze to Hagrid's hut, clearly visible from this window, and just as clearly uninhabited, the chimney smokeless, the curtains drawn.  The treetops of the Forbidden Forest swayed in a light breeze. Harry watched them, savouring the fresh air on his face, thinking about Quidditch later . . . then he saw it. A great, reptilian winged hcrse, just like the ones pulling the Hogwarts carriages, with leahery black wings spread wide like a pterodactyl's, rose up out of the trees like a grotesque, giant bird. It soared in a great circle, then plunged back into the trees. The whole thing had happened so quickly, Harry could hardly believe what he had seen, except that his heart was hammering madly.  The Owlery door opened behind him. He leapt in shock and, turning quickly, saw Cho Chang holding a letter and a parcel in his hands.  'Hi,' said Harry automatically.  'Oh . . . hi,' she said breathlessly. 'I didn't think anyone would be up here this early . . . I only remembered five minutes ago, it's my mum's birthday'  She held up the parcel.  Right,' said Harry. His brain seemed to have jammed. He wanted to say something funny and interesting, but the memory of that terrible winged horse was fresh in his mind.  Nice day,' he said, gesturing to the windows. His insides seemed to shrivel with embarrassment. The weather. He was talking about the weather . . .  'Yeah,' said Cho, looking around for a suitable owl. 'Good Quidditch conditions. I haven't been out all week, have you?'  'No,' said Harry.  Cho had selected one of the school barn owls. She coaxed it down on to her arm where it held out an obliging leg so that she could attach the parcel.  'Hey has Gryffindor got a new Keeper yet?' she asked.  'Yeah,' said Harry. 'It's my friend Ron Weasley, d'you know him?'  'The Tornados-hater?' said Cho rather coolly. 'Is he any good?'  'Yeah,' said Harry, 'I think so. I didn't see his tryout, though, I was in detention.'  Cho looked up, the parcel only half-attached to the owls legs.  That Umbridge woman's foul,' she said in a low voice. 'Putting you in detention just because you told the truth about how - how - how he died. Everyone heard about it, it was all over the school. You were really brave standing up to her like that.'  Harry's insides re-inflated so rapidly he felt as though he might actually float a few inches off the dropping-strewn floor. Who cared about a stupid flying horse	 Cho thought he had been really brave. For a moment, he considered accidentally-on-purpose showing her his cut hand as he helped her tie her parcel on to her owl . . . but the very instant this thrilling thought occurred, the Owlery door opened again.  Filch the caretaker came wheezing into the room. There were purple patches on his sunken, veined cheeks, his jowls were aquiver and his thin grey hair dishevelled	 he had obviously run here. Mrs Norris came trotting at his heels, gazing up at the owls overhead and mewing hungrily. There was a restless shifting of wings from above and a large brown owl snapped his beak in a menacing fashion.  'Aha!' said Filch, taking a flat-footed step towards Harry, his pouchy cheeks trembling with anger. Tve had a tip-off that you are intending to place a massive order for Dungbombs!'  Harry folded his arms and stared at the caretaker.  'Who told you I was ordering Dungbombs?'  Cho was looking from Harry to Filch, also frowning	 the barn owl on her arm, tired of standing on one leg, gave an admonitory hoot but she ignored it.  'I have my sources.' said Filch in a self-satisfied hiss. 'Now hand over whatever it is you're sending.'  Feeling immensely thankful that he had not dawdled in posting off the letter, Harry said, 'I can't, it's gone.'  'Gone?' said Filch, his face contorting with rage.  'Gone,' said Harry calmly.  Filch opened his mouth furiously, mouthed for a few seconds, then raked Harry's robes with his eyes.  'How do I know you haven't got it in your pocket?'  'Because - '  'I saw him send it,' said Cho angrily.  Filch rounded on her.  'You saw him - ?'  That's right, I saw him,' she said fiercely.  There was a moment's pause in which Filch glared at Cho and Cho glared right back, then the caretaker turned on his heel and shuffled back towards the door. He stopped with his hand on the handle and looked back at Harry.  'If I get so much as a whiff of a Dungbomb . . .'  He stumped off down the stairs. Mrs Norris cast a last longing look at the owls and followed him.  Harry and Cho looked at each other.  Thanks,' Harry said.  No problem,' said Cho, finally fixing the parcel to the barn owl's other leg, her face slightly pink. 'You weren't ordering Dungbombs, were you?'  'No,' said Harry.  'I wonder why he thought you were, then?' she said as she carried the owl to the window.  Harry shrugged. He was quite as mystified by that as she was, though oddly it was not bothering him very much at the moment.  They left the Owlery together. At the entrance of a corridor that led towards the west wing of the castle, Cho said, 'I'm going this way. Well, I'll . . . I'll see you around, Harry.'  'Yeah . . . see you.'  She smiled at him and departed. Harry walked on, feeling quietly elated. He had managed to have an entire conversation with her and not embarrassed himself once . . . you were really brave standing up to her like that . . . Cho had called him brave . . . she did not hate him for being alive . . .  Of course, she had preferred Cedric, he knew that . . . though if he'd only asked her to the Ball before Cedric had, things might have turned out differently . . . she had seemed sincerely sorry that she'd had to refuse when Harry asked her . . .  'Morning,' Harry said brightly to Ron and Hermione as he joined them at the Gryffindor table in the Great Hall.  'What are you looking so pleased about?' said Ron, eyeing Harry in surprise.  'Erm . . . Quidditch later,' said Harry happily, pulling a large platter of bacon and eggs towards him.  'Oh . . . yeah . . .' said Ron. He put down the piece of toast he was eating and took a large swig of pumpkin juice. Then he said, 'Listen . . . you don't fancy going out a bit earlier with me, do you? Just to - er - give me some practice before training? So I can, you know, get my eye in a bit.'  'Yeah, OK,' said Harry.  'Look, I don't think you should,' said Hermione seriously. 'You're both really behind on homework as it - '  But she broke off	 the morning post was arriving and, as usual, the Daily Prophet was soaring towards her in the beak of a screech owl, which landed perilously close to the sugar bowl and held out a leg. Hermione pushed a Knut into its leather pouch, took the newspaper, and scanned the front page critically as the owl took off.  'Anything interesting?' said Ron. Harry grinned, knowing Ron was keen to keep her off the subject of homework.  'No,' she sighed, 'just some guff about the bass player in the Weird Sisters getting married.'  Hermione opened the paper and disappeared behind it. Harry devoted himself to another helping of eggs and bacon. Ron was staring up at the high windows, looking slightly preoccupied.  'Wait a moment,' said Hermione suddenly. 'Oh no . . . Sirius!'  'What's happened?' said Harry, snatching at the paper so violently it ripped down the middle, with him and Hermione each holding one half.  ' The Ministry of Magic has received a tip-off from a reliable source that Sirius Black, notorious mass murderer . . . blah blah blah . . .is currently hiding in London! ' Hermione read from her half in an anguished whisper.  'Lucius Malfoy, I'll bet anything,' said Harry in a low, furious voice. 'He did recognise Sirius on the platform . . .'  What?' said Ron, looking alarmed. 'You didn't say - '  'Shh!' said the other two.  '. . . Ministry warns wizarding community that Black is very dangerous . . . killed thirteen people . . . broke out of Azkaban . . . the usual rubbish,' Hermione concluded, laying down her half of the paper and looking fearfully at Harry and Ron. 'Well, he just won't be able to leave the house again, that's all,' she whispered. 'Dumbledore did warn him not to.'  Harry looked down glumly at the bit of the Prophet he had torn off. Most of the page was devoted to an advertisement for Madam Malkin's Robes for All Occasions, which was apparently having a sale.  'Hey!' he said, flattening it down so Hermione and Ron could see it. 'Look at this!'  'I've got all the robes I want,' said Ron 'No,' said Harry. 'Look . . . this little piece here . . . Ron and Hermione bent closer to read it	 the item was barely an inch long and placed right at the bottom of a column. It was headlined:TRESPASS AT MINISTRYSturgis Podmore, 38, of number two, Laburnum Gardens, Clapham, has appeared in front of the Wizcngamot charged with trespass and attempted robbery at the Ministry of Magic on 31 August. Podmore was arrested by Ministry of Magic watchwizard Eric Munch, who found him attempting to force his way through a top-security door at one o'clock in the morning. Podmore, who refused to speak, in his own defence, was convicted on both charges and sentenced to six months in Azkaban.'Sturgis Podmore?' said Ron slowly. 'He's that bloke who looks like his head's been thatched, isn't he? He's one of the Ord-  'Ron, shhl' said Hermione, casting a terrified look around them.  'Six months in Azkaban!' whispered Harry, shocked. 'Just for trying to get through a door!'  'Don't be silly, it wasn't just for trying to get through a door. What on earth was he doing at the Ministry of Magic at one o'clock in the morning?' breathed Hermione.  D'you reckon he was doing something for the Order?' Ron muttered.  'Wait a moment . . .' said Harry slowly. 'Sturgis was supposed to come and see us off, remember?'  The other two looked at him.  'Yeah, he was supposed to be part of our guard going to King's Cross, remember? And Moody was all annoyed because he didn't turn up	 so he couldn't have been on a job for them, could he?'  'Well, maybe they didn't expect him to get caught,' said Hermione.  'It could be a frame-up!' Ron exclaimed excitedly. 'No - listen!' he went on, dropping his voice dramatically at the threatening look on Hermione's face. The Ministry suspects he's one of Dumbledore's lot so - I dunno - they lured him to the Ministry, and he wasn't trying to get through a door at all! Maybe they've just made something up to get him!'  There was a pause while Harry and Hermione considered this. Harry thought it seemed far-fetched. Hermione, on the other hand, looked rather impressed.  'Do you know, I wouldn't be at all surprised if that were true.'  She folded up her half of the newspaper thoughtfully. As Harry laid down his knife and fork, she seemed to come out of a reverie.  'Right, well, I think we should tackle that essay for Sprout on self-fertilising shrubs first and if we're lucky we'll be able to start McGonagall's Inanimatus Conjurus Spell before lunch . . .'  Harry felt a small twinge of guilt at the thought of the pile of homework awaiting him upstairs, but the sky was a clear, exhilarating blue, and he had not been on his Firebolt for a week . . .  'I mean, we can do it tonight,' said Ron, as he and Harry walked down the sloping lawns towards the Quidditch pitch, their broomsticks over their shoulders, and with Hermione's dire warnings that they would fail all their OWLs still ringing in their ears. 'And we've got tomorrow. She gets too worked up about work, that's her trouble . . .' There was a pause and he added, in a slightly more anxious tone, 'D'you think she meant it when she said we weren't copying from her?'  'Yeah, I do,' said Harry. 'Still, this is important, too, we've got to practise if we want to stay on the Quidditch team . . .'  'Yeah, that's right,' said Ron, in a heartened tone. 'And we have got plenty of time to do it all . . .'  As they approached the Quidditch pitch, Harry glanced over to his right to where the trees of the Forbidden Forest were swaying darkly. Nothing flew out of them	 the sky was empty but for a few distant owls fluttering around the Owlery tower. He had enough to worry about	 the flying horse wasn't doing him any harm
Order of the Phoenix=The Hogwart's HighInquisitorThey had expected to have to comb Hermione's Daily Prophet carefully next morning to find the article Percy had mentioned in his letter. However, the departing delivery owl had barely cleared the top of the milk jug when Hermione let out a huge gasp and flattened the newspaper to reveal a large photograph of Dolores Umbridge, smiling widely and blinking slowly at them from beneath the headline.MINISTRY SEEKS EDUCATIONAL REFORMDOLORES UMBRIDGE APPOINTEDFIRST EVER HIGH INQUISITOR'Umbridge - High Inquisitor?' said Harry darkly, his half-eaten piece of toast slipping from his fingers. 'What does that mean?'  Hermione read aloud:'In a surprise move last night the Ministry of Magic passed new legislation giving itself an unprecedented level of control at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.  ' The Minister has been growing uneasy about goings-on at Hogwarts for some time, said Junior Assistant to the Minister, Percy Weasley. He is now responding to concerns, voiced by anxious parents, who feel the school may be moving in a direction they do not approve of.  'This is not the first time in recent weeks that the Minister, Cornelius Fudge, has used new laws to effect improvements at the wizarding school. As recently as 30th August, Educational Decree Number Twenty-two was passed, to ensure that, in the event of the current Headmaster being unable to provide a candidate for a teaching post, the Ministry should select an appropriate person.  ' That's how Dolores Umbridge came to be appointed to the teaching staff at Hogwarts, said Weasley last night. Dumbledore couldn't find anyone so the Minister put in Umbridge, and of course, she's been an immediate success -  ''She's been a WHAT?' said Harry loudly.  'Wait, there's more,' said Hermione grimly.' - an immediate success, totally revolutionising the teaching of Defence Against the Dark Arts and providing the Minister with on-the-ground feedback about what's really happening at Hogwarts.  'It is this last function that the Ministry has now formalised with the passing of Educational Decree Number Twenty-three, which creates the new position of Hogwarts High Inquisitor.  ' This is an exciting new phase in the Minister's plan to get to grips with what some are calling the falling standards at Hogwarts, said Weasley. The Inquisitor will have powers to inspect her fellow educators and make sure that they are coming up to scratch. Professor Umbridge has been offered this position in addition to her own teaching post and we are delighted to say that she has accepted.  'The Ministry's new moves have received enthusiastic support from parents of students at Hogwarts.  ' I feel much easier in my mind now that I know Dumbledore is being subjected to fair and objective evaluation, said Mr Lucius Malfoy, 41, speaking from his Wiltshire mansion last night. Many of us with our children's best interests at heart have been concerned about some of Dumbledore's eccentric decisions in the last few years and are glad to know that the Ministry is keeping an eye on the situation.  'Among those eccentric decisions are undoubtedly the controversial staff appointments previously described in this newspaper, which have included the employment of werewolf Remus Lupin, half-giant Rubeus Hagrid and delusional ex-Auror, Mad-Eye Moody.  'Rumours abound, of course, that Albus Dumbledore, once Supreme Mugwump of the International Confederation of Wizards and Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot, is no longer up to the task of managing the prestigious school of Hogwarts.  ' I think the appointment of the Inquisitor is a first step towards ensuring that Hogwarts has a headmaster in whom we can all repose our confidence, said a Ministry insider last night.  'Wizengamot elders Griselda Marchbanks and Tiberius Ogden have resigned in protest at the introduction of the post of Inquisitor to Hogwarts.  ' Hogwarts is a school, not an outpost of Cornelius Fudge's office, said Madam Marchbanks. This is a further, disgusting attempt to discredit Albus Dumbledore.  '(For a full account of Madam Marchbanks's alleged links to subversive goblin groups, turn to page seventeen.)'Hermione finished reading and looked across the table at the other two.  'So now we know how we ended up with Umbridge! Fudge passed this Educational Decree and forced her on us! And now he's given her the power to inspect the other teachers!' Hermione was breathing fast and her eyes were very bright. 'I can't believe this. It's outrageous!'  'I know it is,' said Harry. He looked down at his right hand, clenched on the table-top, and saw the faint white outline of the words Umbridge had forced him to cut into his skin.  But a grin was unfurling on Ron's face.  'What?' said Harry and Hermione together, staring at him.  'Oh, I can't wait to see McGonagall inspected,' said Ron happily. 'Umbridge won't know what's hit her.'  'Well, come on,' said Hermione, jumping up, 'we'd better get going, if she's inspecting Binns's class we don't want to be late . . .'  But Professor Umbridge was not inspecting their History of Magic lesson, which was just as dull as the previous Monday, nor was she in Snape's dungeon when they arrived for double Potions, where Harry's moonstone essay was handed back to him with a large, spiky black 'D' scrawled in an upper corner.  'I have awarded you the grades you would have received if you presented this work in your OWL,' said Snape with a smirk, as he swept among them, passing back their homework. 'This should give you a realistic idea of what to expect in the examination.'  Snape reached the front of the class and turned on his heel to face them.  The general standard of this homework was abysmal. Most of you would have failed had this been your examination. I expect to see a great deal more effort for this week's essay on the various varieties of venom antidotes, or I shall have to start handing out detentions to those dunces who get a D.'  He smirked as Malfoy sniggered and said in a carrying whisper, 'Some people got a D? Ha!'  Harry realised that Hermione was looking sideways to see what grade he had received	 he slid his moonstone essay back into his bag as quickly as possible, feeling that he would rather keep that information private.  Determined not to give Snape an excuse to tail him this lesson, Harry read and reread every line of instructions on the blackboard at least three times before acting on them. His Strengthening Solution was not precisely the clear turquoise shade of Hermione's but it was at least blue rather than pink, like Neville's, and he delivered a flask of it to Snape's desk at the end of the lesson with a feeling of mingled defiance and relief.  'Well, that wasn't as bad as last week, was it?' said Hermione, as they climbed the steps out of the dungeon and made their way across the Entrance Hall towards lunch. 'And the homework didn't go too badly, either, did it?'  When neither Ron nor Harry answered, she pressed on, 'I mean, all right, I didn't expect the top grade, not if he's marking to OWL standard, but a pass is quite encouraging at this stage, wouldn't you say?'  Harry made a non-committal noise in his throat.  'Of course, a lot can happen between now and the exam, we've got plenty of time to improve, but the grades we're getting now are a sort of baseline, aren't they? Something we can build on . . .'  They sat down together at the Gryffindor table.  'Obviously, I'd have been thrilled if I'd got an O - '  'Hermione,' said Ron sharply, 'if you want to know what grades we got, ask.'  'I don't - I didn't mean - well, if you want to tell me - '  'I got a P,' said Ron, ladling soup into his bowl. 'Happy?'  'Well, that's nothing to be ashamed of,' said Fred, who had just arrived at the table with George and Lee Jordan and was sitting down on Harry's right. 'Nothing wrong with a good healthy P.'  'But,' said Hermione, 'doesn't P stand for . . .'  'Poor, yeah,' said Lee Jordan. 'Still, better than D, isn't it? 'Dreadful?'  Harry felt his face grow warm and faked a small coughing fit over his roll. When he emerged from this he was sorry to find that Hermione was still in full flow about OWL grades.  'So top grade's O for Outstanding,' she was saying, 'and then there's A - '  'No, E,' George corrected her, 'E for Exceeds Expectations. And I've always thought Fred and I should've got E in everything, because we exceeded expectations just by turning up for the exams.'  They all laughed except Hermione, who ploughed on, 'So, after E it's A for Acceptable, and that's the last pass grade, isn't it?'  'Yep,' said Fred, dunking an entire roll in his soup, transferring it to his mouth and swallowing it whole.  'Then you get P for Poor- ' Ron raised both his arms in mock celebration - 'and D for Dreadful.  'And then T,' George reminded her.  'T?' asked Hermione, looking appalled. 'Even lower than a D? What on earth does T stand for?'  'Troll,' said George promptly.  Harry laughed again, though he was not sure whether or not George was joking. He imagined trying to conceal from Hermione I hat he had received 'T's in all his OWLs and immediately resolved to work harder from now on.  'You lot had an inspected lesson yet?' Fred asked them.  'No,' said Hermione at once. 'Have you?'  'Just now, before lunch,' said George. 'Charms.'  'What was it like?' Harry and Hermione asked together.  Fred shrugged.  'Not that bad. Umbridge just lurked in the corner making notes on a clipboard. You know what Flitwick's like, he treated her like a guest, didn't seem to bother him at all. She didn't say much. Asked Alicia a couple of questions about what the classes are normally like, Alicia told her they were really good, that was it.'  'I can't see old Flitwick getting marked down,' said George, 'he usually gets everyone through their exams all right.'  'Who've you got this afternoon?' Fred asked Harry.  Trelawney - '  'A T if ever I saw one.'  ' - and Umbridge herself.'  'Well, be a good boy and keep your temper with Umbridge today,' said George. 'Angelina'll do her nut if you miss any more Quidditch practices.'  But Harry did not have to wait for Defence Against the Dark Arts to meet Professor Umbridge. He was pulling out his dream diary in a seat at the very back of the shadowy Divination room when Ron elbowed him in the ribs and, looking round, he saw Professor Umbridge emerging through the trapdoor in the floor. The class, which had been talking cheerily, fell silent at once. The abrupt fall in the noise level made Professor Trelawney, who had been wafting about handing out copies of The Dream Oracle, look round.  'Good afternoon, Professor Trelawney,' said Professor Umbridge with her wide smile. You received my note, I trust? Giving the time and date of your inspection?'  Professor Trelawney nodded curtly and, looking very disgruntled, turned her back on Professor Umbridge and continued to give out books. Still smiling, Professor Umbridge grasped the back of the nearest armchair and pulled it to the front of the class so that it was a few inches behind Professor Trelawney's seat. She then sat down, took her clipboard from her flowery bag and looked up expectantly, waiting for the class to begin.  Professor Trelawney pulled her shawls tight about her with slightly trembling hands and surveyed the class through her hugely magnifying lenses.  'We shall be continuing our study of prophetic dreams today,' she said in a brave attempt at her usual mystic tones, though her voice shook slightly. 'Divide into pairs, please, and interpret each others latest night-time visions with the aid of the Oracle.'  She made as though to sweep back to her seat, saw Professor Umbridge sitting right beside it, and immediately veered left towards Parvati and Lavender, who were already deep in discussion about Parvati's most recent dream.  Harry opened his copy of The Dream Oracle, watching Umbridge covertly. She was already making notes on her clipboard. After a few minutes she got to her feet and began to pace the room in Trelawney's wake, listening to her conversations with students and posing questions here and there. Harry bent his head hurriedly over his book.  Think of a dream, quick,' he told Ron, 'in case the old toad comes our way.'  'I did it last time,' Ron protested, 'it's your turn, you tell me one.'  'Oh, I dunno . . .' said Harry desperately, who could not remember dreaming anything at all over the last few days. 'Let's say I dreamed I was . . . drowning Snape in my cauldron. Yeah, that'll do . . .'  Ron chortled as he opened his Dream Oracle.  'OK, we've got to add your age to the date you had the dream, the number of letters in the subject . . . would that be drowning or cauldron or Snape?'  'It doesn't matter, pick any of them.' said Harry, chancing a glance behind him. Professor Umbridge was now standing at Professor Trelawney's shoulder making notes while the Divination teacher questioned Neville about his dream diary.  'What night did you dream this again?' Ron said, immersed in calculations.  'I dunno, last night, whenever you like,' Harry told him, trying to listen to what Umbridge was saying to Professor Trelawney. They were only a table away from him and Ron now. Professor Umbridge was making another note on her clipboard and Professor Trelawney was looking extremely put out.  'Now,' said Umbridge, looking up at Trelawney, 'you've been in this post how long, exactly?'  Professor Trelawney scowled at her, arms crossed and shoulders hunched as though wishing to protect herself as much as possible from the indignity of the inspection. After a slight pause in which she seemed to decide that the question was not so offensive that she could reasonably ignore it, she said in a deeply resentful tone, 'Nearly sixteen years.'  'Quite a period,' said Professor Umbridge, making a note on her clipboard. 'So it was Professor Dumbledore who appointed you?'  That's right,' said Professor Trelawney shortly.  Professor Umbridge made another note.  'And you are a great-great-granddaughter of the celebrated Seer Cassandra Trelawney?'  'Yes,' said Professor Trelawney, holding her head a little higher.  Another note on the clipboard.  'But I think - correct me if I am mistaken - that you are the first in your family since Cassandra to be possessed of Second Sight?'  These things often skip - er - three generations,' said Professor Trelawney.  Professor Umbridge's toadlike smile widened.  'Of course,' she said sweetly, making yet another note. 'Well, if you could just predict something for me, then?' And she looked up enquiringly, still smiling.  Professor Trelawney stiffened as though unable to believe her ears. 'I don't understand you,' she said, clutching convulsively at the shawl around her scrawny neck.  'I'd like you to make a prediction for me,' said Professor Umbridge very clearly.  Harry and Ron were not the only people now watching and listening sneakily from behind their books. Most of the class were staring transfixed at Professor Trelawney as she drew herself up to her lull height, her beads and bangles clinking.  The Inner Eye does not See upon command!' she said in scandalised tones.  'I see,' said Professor Umbridge softly, making yet another note on her clipboard.  'I - but - but . . . wait!' said Professor Trelawney suddenly, in an attempt at her usual ethereal voice, though the mystical effect was ruined somewhat by the way it was shaking with anger. 'I . . . I think I do see something . . . something that concerns you . . . why, I sense something . . . something dark . . . some grave peril . . .'  Professor Trelawney pointed a shaking finger at Professor Umbridge who continued to smile blandly at her, eyebrows raised.  'I am afraid . . . I am afraid that you are in grave danger!' Professor Trelawney finished dramatically.  There was a pause. Professor Umbridge surveyed Professor Trelawney.  'Right,' she said softly, scribbling on her clipboard once more. 'Well, if that's really the best you can do . . .'  She turned away, leaving Professor Trelawney standing rooted to the spot, her chest heaving. Harry caught Ron's eye and knew that Ron was thinking exactly the same as he was: they both knew that Professor Trelawney was an old fraud, but on the other hand, they loathed Umbridge so much that they felt very much on Trelawney's side - until she swooped down on them a few seconds later, that is.  'Well?' she said, snapping her long fingers under Harry's nose, uncharacteristically brisk. 'Let me see the start you've made on your dream diary, please.'  And by the time she had interpreted Harry's dreams at the top of her voice (all of which, even the ones that involved eating porridge, apparently foretold a gruesome and early death), he was feeling much less sympathetic towards her. All the while, Professor Umbridge stood a few feet away, making notes on that clipboard, and when the bell rang she descended the silver ladder first and was waiting for them all when they reached their Defence Against the Dark Arts lesson ten minutes later.  She was humming and smiling to herself when they entered the room. Harry and Ron told Hermione, who had been in Arithmancy, exactly what had happened in Divination while they all took out their copies of Defensive Magical Theory, but before Hermione could ask any questions Professor Umbridge had called them all to order and silence fell.  'Wands away,' she instructed them all with a smile, and those people who had been hopeful enough to take them out, sadly returned them to their bags. 'As we finished Chapter One last lesson, I would like you all to turn to page nineteen today and commence Chapter Two, Common Defensive Theories and their Derivation. There will be no need to talk.'  Still smiling her wide, self-satisfied smile, she sat down at her desk. The class gave an audible sigh as it turned, as one, to page nineteen. Harry wondered dully whether there were enough chapters in the book to keep them reading through all this years lessons and was on the point of checking the contents page when he noticed that Hermione had her hand in the air again.  Professor Umbridge had noticed, too, and what was more, she seemed to have worked out a strategy for just such an eventuality. Instead of trying to pretend she had not noticed Hermione she got to her feet and walked around the front row of desks until they were face to face, then she bent down and whispered, so that the rest of the class could not hear, 'What is it this time, Miss Granger?'  'I've already read Chapter Two,' said Hermione.  'Well then, proceed to Chapter Three.'  'I've read that too. I've read the whole book.'  Professor Umbridge blinked but recovered her poise almost instantly.  'Well, then, you should be able to tell me what Slinkhard says about counter-jinxes in Chapter Fifteen.'  'He says that counter-jinxes are improperly named,' said Hermione promptly. 'He says counter-jinx is just a name people give their jinxes when they want to make them sound more acceptable.'  Professor Umbridge raised her eyebrows and Harry knew she was impressed, against her will.  'But I disagree,' Hermione continued.  Professor Umbridge's eyebrows rose a little higher and her gaze became distinctly colder.  'You disagree?' she repeated.  'Yes, I do,' said Hermione, who, unlike Umbridge, was not whispering, but speaking in a clear, carrying voice that had by now attracted the attention of the rest of the class. 'Mr Slinkhard doesn't like jinxes, does he? But I think they can be very useful when they're used defensively.'  'Oh, you do, do you?' said Professor Umbridge, forgetting to whisper and straightening up. 'Well, I'm afraid it is Mr Slinkhard's opinion, and not yours, that matters within this classroom, Miss Granger.'  'But - ' Hermione began.  That is enough,' said Professor Umbridge. She walked back to the front of the class and stood before them, all the jauntiness she had shown at the beginning of the lesson gone. 'Miss Granger, I am going to take five points from Gryffindor house.'  There was an outbreak of muttering at this.  'What for?' said Harry angrily.  'Don't you get involved!' Hermione whispered urgently to him.  'For disrupting my class with pointless interruptions,' said Professor Umbridge smoothly. 'I am here to teach you using a Ministry-approved method that does not include inviting students to give their opinions on matters about which they understand very little. Your previous teachers in this subject may have allowed you more licence, but as none of them - with the possible exception of Professor Quirrell, who did at least appear to have restricted himself to age-appropriate subjects - would have passed a Ministry inspection - '  'Yeah, Quirrell was a great teacher,' said Harry loudly, 'there was just that minor drawback of him having Lord Voldemort sticking out of the back of his head.'  This pronouncement was followed by one of the loudest silences Harry had ever heard. Then -  'I think another week's detentions would do you some good, Mr Potter,' said Umbridge sleekly.*The cut on the back of Harry's hand had barely healed and, by the following morning, it was bleeding again. He did not complain during the evening's detention	 he was determined not to give Umbridge the satisfaction	 over and over again he wrote I must not tell lies and not a sound escaped his lips, though the cut deepened with every letter.  The very worst part of this second week's worth of detentions v/as, just as George had predicted, Angslina's reaction. She cornered him just as he arrived at the Gryffindor table for breakfast on Tuesday and shouted so loudly that Professor McGonagall came sweeping down upon the pair of them from the staff table.  'Miss Johnson, how dare you make such a racket in the Great Hall! Five points from Gryffindor!'  'But Professor - he's gone and landed himself in detention again - '  'What's this, Potter?' said Professor McGonagall sharply, rounding on Harry. 'Detention? From whom?'  'From Professor Umbridge,' muttered Harry, not meeting Professor McGonagall's beady, square-framed eyes.  'Are you telling me,' she said, lowering her voice so that the group of curious Ravenclaws behind them could not hear, that after the warning I gave you last Monday you lost your temper in Professor Umbridge's class again?'  'Yes,' Harry muttered, speaking to the floor.  'Potter, you must get a grip on yourself! You are heading for serious trouble! Another five points from Gryffindor!'  'But - what - '? Professor, no!' Harry said, furious at this injustice, 'I'm already being punished by her, why do you have to take points as well?'  'Because detentions do not appear to have any effect on you whatsoever!' said Professor McGonagall tartly. 'No, not another word of complaint, Potter! And as for you, Miss Johnson, you will confine your shouting matches to the Quidditch pitch in future or risk losing the team captaincy!'  Professor McGonagall strode back towards the staff table. Angelina gave Harry a look of deepest disgust and stalked away, upon which he flung himself on to the bench beside Ron, fuming.  'She's taken points off Gryffindor because I'm having my hand sliced open every night! How is that fair, how?'  'I know, mate,' said Ron sympathetically, tipping bacon on to Harry's plate, 'she's bang out of order.'  Hermione, however, merely rustled the pages of her Daily Prophet and said nothing.  'You think McGonagall was right, do you?' said Harry angrily to the picture of Cornelius Fudge obscuring Hermione's face.  'I wish she hadn't taken points from you, but I think she's right to warn you not to lose your temper with Umbridge,' said Hermione's voice, while Fudge gesticulated forcefully from the front page, clearly giving some kind of speech.  Harry did not speak to Hermione all through Charms, but when they entered Transfiguration he forgot about being cross with her. Professor Umbridge and her clipboard were sitting in a corner and the sight of her drove the memory of breakfast right out of his head.  'Excellent,' whispered Ron, as they sat down in their usual seats. 'Let's see Umbridge get what she deserves.'  Professor McGonagall marched into the room without giving the slightest indication that she knew Professor Umbridge was there.  That will do,' she said and silence fell immediately. 'Mr Finnigan, kindly come here and hand back the homework - Miss Brown, please take this box of mice - don't be silly, girl, they won't hurt you - and hand one to each student - '  'Hem, hem,' said Professor Umbridge, employing the same silly little cough she had used to interrupt Dumbledore on the first night of term. Professor McGonagall ignored her. Seamus handed back Harry's essay	 Harry took it without looking at him and saw, to his relief, that he had managed an 'A'.  'Right then, everyone, listen closely - Dean Thomas, if you do that to the mouse again I shall put you in detention - most of you have now successfully Vanished your snails and even those who were left with a certain amount of shell have got the gist of the spell. Today, we shall be - '  'Hem, hem,' said Professor Umbridge.  'Yes?' said Professor McGonagall, turning round, her eyebrows so close together they seemed to form one long, severe line.  'I was just wondering, Professor, whether you received my note telling you of the date and time of your inspec - '  'Obviously I received it, or I would have asked you what you are doing in my classroom,' said Professor McGonagall, turning her back firmly on Professor Umbridge. Many of the students exchanged looks of glee. 'As I was saying: today, we shall be practising the altogether more difficult Vanishment of mice. Now, the Vanishing Spell - '  'Hem, hem.'  'I wonder,' said Professor McGonagall in cold fury, turning on Professor Umbridge, 'how you expect to gain an idea of my usual teaching methods if you continue to interrupt me? You see, I do not generally permit people to talk when I am talking.'  Professor Umbridge looked as though she had just been slapped in the face. She did not speak, but straightened the parchment on her clipboard and began scribbling furiously.  Looking supremely unconcerned, Professor McGonagall addressed the class once more.  'As I was saying: the Vanishing Spell becomes more difficult with the complexity of the animal to be Vanished. The snail, as an invertebrate, does not present much of a challenge	 the mouse, as a mammal, offers a. much greater one. This is not, therefore, magic you can accomplish with your mind on your dinner. So - you know the incantation, let me see what you can do . . .'  'How she can lecture me about not losing my temper with Umbridge!' Harry muttered to Ron under his breath, but he was grinning - his anger with Professor McGonagall had quite evaporated.  Professor Umbridge did not follow Professor McGonagall around the class as she had followed Professor Trelawney	 perhaps she realised Professor McGonagall would not permit it. She did, however, take many more notes while sitting in her corner, and when Professor McGonagall finally told them all to pack away, she rose with a grim expression on her face.  'Well, it's a start,' said Ron, holding up a long wriggling mouse-tail and dropping it back into the box Lavender was passing around.  As they filed out of the classroom, Harry saw Professor Umbndge approach the teachers desk	 he nudged Ron, who nudged Hermione in turn, and the three of them deliberately fell back to eavesdrop.  'How long have you been teaching at Hogwarts? Professor Umbridge asked.  Thirty-nine years this December,' said Professor McGonagall brusquely, snapping her bag shut.  Professor Umbridge made a note.  'Very well,' she said, 'you will receive the results of your inspection in ten days' time.  'I can hardly wait,' said Professor McGonagall, in a coldly indifferent voice, and she strode off towards the door. 'Hurry up, you three,' she added, sweeping Harry, Ron and Hermione before her.  Harry could not help giving her a faint smile and could have sworn he received one in return.  He had thought that the next time he would see Umbridge would be in his detention that evening, but he was wrong. When they walked down the lawns towards the Forest for Care of Magical Creatures, they found her and her clipboard waiting for them beside Professor Grubbly-Plank.  'You do not usually take this class, is that correct?' Harry heard her ask as they arrived at the trestle table where the group of captive Bowtruckles were scrabbling around for woodlice like so many living twigs.  'Quite correct,' said Professor Grubbly-Plank, hands behind her back and bouncing on the balls of her feet. 'I am a substitute teacher standing in for Professor Hagrid.'  Harry exchanged uneasy looks with Ron and Hermione. Malfoy was whispering with Crabbe and Goyle	 he would surely love this opportunity to tell tales on Hagrid to a member of the Ministry.  'Hmm,' said Professor Umbridge, dropping her voice, though Harry could still hear her quite clearly. 'I wonder - the Headmaster seems strangely reluctant to give me any information on the matter - can you tell me what is causing Professor Hagrid's very extended leave of absence?'  Harry saw Malfoy look up eagerly and watch Umbridge and Grubbly-Plank closely.  ' 'Fraid I can't,' said Professor Grubbly-Plank breezily. 'Don't know anything more about it than you do. Got an owl from Dumbledore, would I like a couple of weeks' teaching, work. I accepted. That's as much as I know. Well . . . shall I get started then?'  'Yes, please do,' said Professor Umbridge, scribbling on her clipboard.  Umbridge took a different tack in this class and wandered amongst the students, questioning them on magical creatures. Most people were able to answer well and Harry's spirits lifted somewhat	 at least the class was not letting Hagrid down.  'Overall,' said Professor Umbridge, returning to Professor Grubbly-Plank's side after a lengthy interrogation of Dean Thomas, 'how do you, as a temporary member of staff- an objective outsider,  I suppose you might say - how do you find Hogwarts? Do you feel you receive enough support from the school management?'  'Oh, yes, Dumbledore's excellent,' said Professor Grubbly-Plank heartily. 'Yes, I'm very happy with the way things are run, very happy indeed.'  Looking politely incredulous, Umbridge made a tiny note on her clipboard and went on, 'And what are you planning to cover with this class this year - assuming, of course, that Professor Hagrid does not return?'  'Oh, I'll take them through the creatures that most often come up in OWL,' said Professor Grubbly-Plank. 'Not much left to do - they've studied unicorns and Nifflers, I thought we'd cover Porlocks and Kneazles, make sure they can recognise Crups and Knarls, you know . . .'  'Well, you seem to know what you're doing, at any rate,' said Professor Umbridge, making a very obvious tick on her clipboard. Harry did not like the emphasis she put on 'you' and liked it even less when she put her next question to Goyle. 'Now, I hear there have been injuries in this class?'  Goyle gave a stupid grin. Malfoy hastened to answer the question.  That was me,' he said. 'I was slashed by a Hippogriff.'  'A Hippogriff?' said Professor Umbridge, now scribbling frantically.  'Only because he was too stupid to listen to what Hagrid told him to do,' said Harry angrily.  Both Ron and Hermione groaned. Professor Umbridge turned her head slowly in Harry's direction.  'Another night's detention, I think,' she said softly. 'Well, thank you very much, Professor Grubbly-Plank, I think that's all I need here. You will be receiving the results of your inspection within ten days.'  'Jolly good,' said Professor Grubbly-Plank, and Professor Umbridge set off back across the lawn to the castle.*It was nearly midnight when Harry left Umbridge's office that night, his hand now bleeding so severely that it was staining the scarf he had wrapped around it. He expected the common room to be empty when he returned, but Ron and Hermione had sat up waiting for him. He was pleased to see them, especially as Hermione was disposed to be sympathetic rather than critical.  'Here,' she said anxiously, pushing a small bowl of yellow liquid towards him, 'soak your hand in that, it's a solution of strained and pickled Murtlap tentacles, it should help.'  Harry placed his bleeding, aching hand into the bowl and experienced a wonderful feeling of relief. Crookshanks curled around his legs, purring loudly, then leapt into his lap and settled down.  Thanks,' he said gratefully, scratching behind Crookshanks's ears with his left hand.  'I still reckon you should complain about this,' said Ron in a low voice.  'No,' said Harry flatly.  'McGonagall would go nuts if she knew - '  'Yeah, she probably would,' said Harry dully. 'And how long do you reckon it'd take Umbridge to pass another decree saying anyone who complains about the High Inquisitor gets sacked immediately?'  Ron opened his mouth to retort but nothing came out and, after a moment, he closed it again, defeated.  'She's an awful woman,' said Hermione in a small voice. 'Awful. You know, I was just saying to Ron when you came in . . . we've got to do something about her.'  'I suggested poison,' said Ron grimly.  'No . . . I mean, something about what a dreadful teacher she is, and how we're not going to learn any Defence from her at all,' said Hermione.  'Well, what can we do about that?' said Ron, yawning. S too late, isn't it? She's got the job, she's here to stay. Fudge'll make sure of that.'  'Well,' said Hermione tentatively. 'You know, I was thinking today . . .' she shot a slightly nervous look at Harry and then plunged on, 'I was thinking that - maybe the time's come when we should just - just do it ourselves.'  'Do what ourselves?' said Harry suspiciously, still floating his hand in the essence of Murtlap tentacles.  'Well - learn Defence Against the Dark Arts ourselves, said Hermione.  'Come off it,' groaned Ron. 'You want us to do extra work? D'you realise Harry and I are behind on homework again and it's only the second week?'  'But this is much more important than homework!' said Hermione.  Harry and Ron goggled at her.  'I didn't think there was anything in the universe more important than homework!' said Ron.  'Don't be silly, of course there is,' said Hermione, and Harry saw, with an ominous feeling, that her face was suddenly alight with the kind of fervour that SPEW usually inspired in her. 'It's about preparing ourselves, like Harry said in Umbridge's first lesson, for what's waiting for us out there. It's about making sure we really can defend ourselves. If we don't learn anything for a whole year - '  'We can't do much by ourselves,' said Ron in a defeated voice. 'I mean, all right, we can go and look jinxes up in the library and try and practise them, I suppose - '  'No, I agree, we've gone past the stage where we can just learn things out of books,' said Hermione. 'We need a teacher, a proper one, who can show us how to use the spells and correct us if we're going wrong.'  'If you're talking about Lupin . . .' Harry began.  'No, no, I'm not talking about Lupin,' said Hermione. 'He's too busy with the Order and, anyway, the most we could see him is during Hogsmeade weekends and that's not nearly often enough.'  'Who, then?' said Harry, frowning at her.  Hermione heaved a very deep sigh.  'Isn't it obvious?' she said. 'I'm talking about you, Harry.'  There was a moment's silence. A light night breeze rattled the windowpanes behind Ron, and the fire guttered.  'About me what?' said Harry.  'I'm talking about you teaching us Defence Against the Dark Arts.'  Harry stared at her. Then he turned to Ron, ready to exchange the exasperated looks they sometimes shared when Hermione elaborated on far-fetched schemes like SPEW. To Harry's consternation, however, Ron did not look exasperated.  He was frowning slightly, apparently thinking. Then he said, 'That's an idea.'  'What's an idea?' said Harry.  'You,' said Ron. Teaching us to do it.'  'But . . .'  Harry was grinning now, sure the pair of them were pulling his leg.  'But I'm not a teacher, I can't - '  'Harry, you're the best in the year at Defence Against the Dark Arts,' said Hermione.  'Me?' said Harry now grinning more broadly than ever. 'No I'm rot, you've beaten me in every test - '  'Actually I haven't,' said Hermione coolly. 'You beat me in our turd year - the only year we both sat the test and had a teacher who actually knew the subject. But I'm not talking about test results, Harry. Think what you've clone!'  'How d'you mean?'  'You know what, I'm not sure I want someone this stupid teaching me,' Ron said to Hermione, smirking slightly. He turned to Harry.  'Let's think,' he said, pulling a face like Goyle concentrating. 'Uh . . . first year - you saved the Philosopher's Stone from You-Know-Who.'  'But that was luck,' said Harry, 'it wasn't skill - '  'Second year,' Ron interrupted, 'you killed the Basilisk and destroyed Riddle.'  'Yeah, but if Fawkes hadn't turned up, I - '  Third year,' said Ron, louder still, 'you fought off about a hundred Dementors at once - '  'You know that was a fluke, if the Time-Turner hadn't - '  'Last year,' Ron said, almost shouting now, 'you fought off You-know-Who again - '  'Listen to me!' said Harry, almost angrily, because Ron and Hermione were both smirking now. 'Just listen to me, all right? It sounds great when you say it like that, but all that stuff was luck - I didn't know what I was doing half the time, I didn't plan any of it, I just did whatever I could think of, and I nearly always had help - '  Ron and Hermione were still smirking and Harry felt his temper rise	 he wasn't even sure why he was feeling so angry.  'Don't sit there grinning like you know better than I do, I was there, wasn't I?' he said heatedly. 'I know what went on, all right? And I didn't get through any of that because I was brilliant at Defence Against the Dark Arts, I got through it all because - because help came at the right time, or because I guessed right - but I just blundered through it all, I didn't have a clue what I was doing - 'STOP LAUGHING!'  The bowl of Murtlap essence fell to the floor and smashed. He became aware that he was on his feet, though he couldn't remember standing up. Crookshanks streaked away under a sofa. Ron and Hermione's smiles had vanished.  'You don't know what it's like! You - neither of you - you've never had to face him, have you? You think it's just memorising a bunch of spells and throwing them at him, like you're in class or something? The whole time you're sure you know there's nothing between you and dying except your own - your own brain or guts or whatever - 'like you can think straight when you know you're about a nanosecond from being murdered, or tortured, or watching your friends die - 'they've never taught us that in their classes, what it's like to deal with things like that - and you two sit there acting like I'm a clever little boy to be standing here, alive, like Diggory was stupid, like he messed up - you just don't get it, that could just as easily have been me, it would have been if Voldemort hadn't needed me -'  'We weren't saying anything like that, mate,' said Ron, looking aghast. 'We weren't having a go at Diggory, we didn't - you've got the wrong end of the - '  He looked helplessly at Hermione, whose face was stricken.  'Harry,' she said timidly, 'don't you see? This . . . this is exactly why we need you . . . we need to know what it's r-really like . . . facing him . . . facing V-Voldemort.'  It was the first time she had ever said Voldemort's name and it was this, more than anything else, that calmed Harry. Still breathing hard, he sank back into his chair, becoming aware as he did so that his hand was throbbing horribly again. He wished he had not smashed the bowl of Murtlap essence  'Well . . . think about it,' said Hermione quietly. 'Please?'  Harry could not think of anything to say. He was feeling ashamed of his outburst already. He nodded, hardly aware of what he was agreeing to.  Hermione stood up.  'Well, I'm off to bed,' she said, in a voice that was clearly as natural as she could make it. 'Erm . . . night.'  Ron had got to his feet, too.  'Coming?' he said awkwardly to Harry.  'Yeah,' said Harry. 'In . . . in a minute. I'll just clear this up.'  He indicated the smashed bowl on the floor. Ron nodded and left.  'Reparo,' Harry muttered, pointing his wand at the broken pieces of china. They flew back together, good as new, but there was no returning the Murtlap essence to the bowl.  He was suddenly so tired he was tempted to sink back into his armchair and sleep there, but instead he forced himself to his feet and followed Ron upstairs. His restless night was punctuated once more by dreams of long corridors and locked doors and he awoke next day with his scar prickling again.,110,Order of the Phoenix,15			
Order of the Phoenix=In the Hog's HeadHermione made no mention of Harry giving Defence Against the Dark Arts lessons for two whole weeks after her original suggestion. Harry's detentions with Umbridge were finally over (he doubted whether the words now etched into the back of his hand would ever fade entirely)	 Ron had had four more Quidditch practices and not been shouted at during the last two	 and all three of them had managed to Vanish their mice in Transfiguration (Hermione had actually progressed to Vanishing kittens), before the subject was broached again, on a wild, blustery evening at the end of September, when the three of them were sitting in the library, looking up potion ingredients for Snape.  'I was wondering,' Hermione said suddenly, 'whether you'd thought any more about Defence Against the Dark Arts, Harry.'  'Course I have,' said Harry grumpily, 'can't forget it, can we, with that hag teaching us - '  'I meant the idea Ron and I had - ' Ron cast her an alarmed, threatening kind of look. She frowned at him, '- Oh, all right, the idea I had, then - about you teaching us.'  Harry did not answer at once. He pretended to be perusing a page of Asiatic Anti-Venoms, because he did not want to say what was in his mind.  He had given the matter a great deal of thought over the past fortnight. Sometimes it seemed an insane idea, just as it had on the night Hermione had proposed it, but at others, he had found himself thinking about the spells that had served him best in his various encounters with Dark creatures and Death Eaters - found himself, in fact, subconsciously planning lessons . . .  'Well,' he said slowly, when he could no longer pretend to find Asiatic Anti-Venoms interesting, 'yeah, I - I've thought about it a bit.'  'And?' said Hermione eagerly.  'I dunno,' said Harry, playing for time. He looked up at Ron.  'I thought it was a good idea from the start,' said Ron, who seemed keener to join in this conversation now that he was sure Harry was not going to start shouting again.  Harry shifted uncomfortably in his chair.  'You did listen to what I said about a load of it being luck, didn't you?'  'Yes, Harry,' said Hermione gently, 'but all the same, there's no point pretending that you're not good at Defence Against the Dark Arts, because you are. You were the only person last year who could throw off the Imperius Curse completely, you can produce a Patronus, you can do all sorts of stuff that full-grown wizards can't, Viktor always said - '  Ron looked round at her so fast he appeared to crick his neck. Rubbing it, he said, 'Yeah? What did Vicky say?'  'Ho ho,' said Hermione in a bored voice. 'He said Harry knew how to do stuff even he didn't, and he was in the final year at Durmstrang.'  Ron was looking at Hermione suspiciously.  'You're not still in contact with him, are you?'  'So what if I am.?' said Hermione coolly, though her face was a little pink. 'I can have a pen-pal if I - '  'He didn't only want to be your pen-pal,' said Ron accusingly.  Hermione shook her head exasperatedly and, ignoring Ron, who was continuing to watch her, said to Harry, 'Well, what do you think? Will you teach us?'  'Just you and Ron, yeah?'  'Well,' said Hermione, looking a mite anxious again. 'Well . . . now, don't fly off the handle again, Harry, please . . . but I really think you ought to teach anyone who wants to learn. I mean, we're talking about defending ourselves against V-Voldemort. Oh, don't be pathetic, Ron. It doesn't seem fair if we don't offer the chance to other people.'  Harry considered this for a moment, then said, 'Yeah, but I doubt anyone except you two would want to be taught by me. I'm a nutter, remember?'  'Well, I think you might be surprised how many people would be interested in hearing what you've got to say,' said Hermione seriously. 'Look,' she leaned towards him - Ron, who was still watching her with a frown on his face, leaned forwards to listen too - 'you know the first weekend in October's a Hogsmeade weekend? How would it be if we tell anyone who's interested to meet us in the village and we can talk it over?'  'Why do we have to do it outside school?' said Ron.  'Because,' said Hermione, returning to the diagram of the Chinese Chomping Cabbage she was copying, 'I don't think Umbridge would be very happy if she found out what we were up to.'*Harry had been looking forward to the weekend trip into Hogsmeade, but there was one thing worrying him. Sirius had maintained a stony silence since he had appeared in the fire at the beginning of September	 Harry knew they had made him angry by saying they didn't want him to come - but he still worried from time to time that Sirius might throw caution to the winds and turn up anyway. What were they going to do if the great black dog came bounding up the street towards them in Hogsmeade, perhaps under the nose of Draco Malfoy?  'Well, you can't blame him for wanting to get out and about,' said Ron, when Harry discussed his fears with him and Hermione. 'I mean, he's been on the run for over two years, hasn't he, and I know that can't have been a laugh, but at least he was free, wasn't he? And now he's just shut up all the time with that ghastly elf.'  Hermione scowled at Ron, but otherwise ignored the slight on Kreacher.  The trouble is,' she said to Harry, 'until V-Voldemort - oh, for heaven's sake, Ron - comes out into the open, Sirius is going to have to stay hidden, isn't he? I mean, the stupid Ministry isn't going to realise Sirius is innocent until they accept that Dumbledore's been telling the truth about him all along. And once the fools start catching real Death Eaters again, it'll be obvious Sirius isn't one . . . I mean, he hasn't got the Mark, for one thing.'  'I don't reckon he'd be stupid enough to turn up,' said Ron bracingly. 'Dumbledore'd go mad if he did and Sirius listens to Dumbledore even if he doesn't like what he hears.'  When Harry continued to look worried, Hermione said, 'Listen, Ron and I have been sounding out people who we thought might want to learn some proper Defence Against the Dark Arts, and there are a couple who seem interested. We've told them to meet us in Hogsmeade.'  'Right,' said Harry vaguely, his mind still on Sirius.  'Don't worry, Harry,' Hermione said quietly. 'You've got enough on your plate without Sirius, too.'  She was quite right, of course, he was barely keeping up with his homework, though he was doing much better now that he was no longer spending every evening in detention with Umbridge. Ron was even further behind with his work than Harry, because while they both had Quidditch practice twice a week, Ron also had his prefect duties. However, Hermione, who was taking more subjects than either of them, had not only finished all her homework but was also finding time to knit more elf clothes. Harry had to admit that she was getting better	 it was now almost always possible to distinguish between the hats and the socks.  The morning of the Hogsmeade visit dawned bright but windy. Alter breakfast they queued up in front of Filch, who matched their names to the long list of students who had permission from their parents or guardian to visit the village. With a slight pang, Harry remembered that if it hadn't been for Sirius, he would not have been going at all.  When Harry reached Filch, the caretaker gave a great sniff as though trying to detect a whiff of something from Harry. Then he gave a curt nod that set his jowls aquiver again and Harry walked on, out on to the stone steps and the cold, sunlit day.  'Er - why was Filch sniffing you?' asked Ron, as he, Harry and Hermione set off at: a brisk pace down the wide drive to the gates.  'I suppose he was checking for the smell of Dungbombs,' said Harry with a small laugh. T forgot to tell you . . .'  And he recounted the story of sending his letter to Sirius and Filch bursting in seconds later, demanding to see the letter. To his slight surprise, Hermione found this story highly interesting, much more, indeed, than he did himself.  'He said he was tipped off you were ordering Dungbombs? But who tipped him off?'  'I dunno,' said Harry, shrugging. 'Maybe Malfoy he'd think it was a laugh.'  They walked between the tall stone pillars topped with winged boars and turned left on to the road into the village, the wind whip-, ping their hair into their eyes.  'Malfoy?' said Hermione, sceptically. 'Well . . . yes . . . maybe . . .'  And she remained deep in thought all the way into the outskirts of Hogsmeade.  'Where are we going, anyway?' Harry asked. The Three Broomsticks?'  'Oh - no,' said Hermione, coming out of her reverie, 'no, it's always packed and really noisy. I've told the others to meet us in the Hog's Head, that other pub, you know the one, it's not on the main road. I think it's a bit . . . you know . . . dodgy . . . but students don't normally go in there, so I don't think we'll be overheard.'  They walked down the main street past Zonko's Wizarding Joke Shop, where they were not surprised to see Fred, George and Lee Jordan, past the post office, from which owls issued at regular intervals, and turned up a side-street at the top of which stood a small inn. A battered wooden sign hung from a rusty bracket over the door, with a picture on it of a wild boar's severed head, leaking blood on to the white cloth around it. The sign creaked in the wind as they approached. All three of them hesitated outside the door.  'Well, come on,' said Hermione, slightly nervously. Harry led the way inside.  It was not at all like the Three Broomsticks, whose large bar gave an impression of gleaming warmth and cleanliness. The Hog's Head bar comprised one small, dingy and very dirty room that smelled strongly of something that might have been goats. The bay windows were so encrusted with grime that very little daylight could permeate the room, which was lit instead with the stubs of candles sitting on rough wooden tables. The floor seemed at first glance to be compressed earth, though as Harry stepped on to it he realised that there was stone beneath what seemed to be the accumulated filth of centuries.  Harry remembered Hagrid mentioning this pub in his first year: 'Yeh get a lot o' funny folk in the Hog's Head,' he had said, explaining how he had won a dragon's egg from a hooded stranger there. At the time Harry had wondered why Hagrid had not found it odd that the stranger kept his face hidden throughout their encounter	 now he saw that keeping your face hidden was something of a fashion in the Hog's Head. There was a man at the bar whose whole head was wrapped in dirty grey bandages, though he was still managing to gulp endless glasses of some smoking, fiery substance through a slit over his mouth	 two figures shrouded in hoods sat at a table in one of the windows	 Harry might have thought them Dementors if they had not been talking in strong Yorkshire accents, and in a shadowy corner beside the fireplace sat a witch with a thick, black veil that fell to her toes. They could just see the tip of her nose because it caused the veil to protrude slightly.  'I don't know about this, Hermione,' Harry muttered, as they crossed to the bar. He was looking particularly at the heavily veiled witch. 'Has it occurred to you Umbridge might be under that?'  Hermione cast an appraising eye over the veiled figure.  'Umbridge is shorter than that woman,' she said quietly. 'And anyway, even if Umbridge does come in here there's nothing she can do to stop us, Harry, because I've double- and triple-checked the school rules. We're not out of bounds	 I specifically asked Professor Flitwick whether students were allowed to come in the Hog's Head, and he said yes, but he advised me strongly to bring our own glasses. And I've looked up everything I can think of about study groups and homework groups and they're definitely allowed. I just don't think it's a good idea if we parade what we're doing.'  'No,' said Harry drily, 'especially as it's not exactly a homework group you're planning, is it?'  The barman sidled towards them out of a back room. He was a grumpy-looking old man with a great deal of long grey hair and beard. He was tall and thin and looked vaguely familiar to Harry.  What? he grunted.  'Three Butterbeers, please,' said Hermione.  The man reached beneath the counter and pulled up three very dusty, very dirty bottles, which he slammed on the bar.  'Six Sickles,' he said.  'I'll get them,' said Harry quickly, passing over the silver. The barman's eyes travelled over Harry, resting for a fraction of a second on his scar. Then he turned away and deposited Harry's money in an ancient wooden till whose drawer slid open automatically to receive it. Harry, Ron and Hermione retreated to the furthest table from the bar and sat down, looking around. The man in the dirty grey bandages rapped the counter with his knuckles and received another smoking drink from the barman.  'You know what?' Ron murmured, looking over at the bar with enthusiasm. 'We could order anything we liked in here. I bet that bloke would sell us anything, he wouldn't care. I've always wanted to try Firewhisky - '  'You - are - a - prefect,' snarled Hermione.  'Oh,' said Ron, the smile fading from his face. 'Yeah . . .'  'So, who did you say is supposed to be meeting us?' Harry asked, wrenching open the rusty top of his Butterbeer and taking a swig.  'Just a couple of people,' Hermione repeated, checking her watch and looking anxiously towards the door. 'I told them to be here about now and I'm sure they all know where it is - oh, look, this might be them now.'  The door of the pub had opened. A thick band of dusty sunlight split the room in two for a moment and then vanished, blocked by the incoming rush of a crowd of people.  First came Neville with Dean and Lavender, who were closely followed by Parvati and Padma Patil with (Harry's stomach did a back-flip) Cho and one of her usually-giggling girlfriends, then (on her own and looking so dreamy she might have walked in by accident) Luna Lovegood	 then Katie Bell, Alicia Spinnet and Angelina Johnson, Colin and Dennis Creevey Ernie Macmillan, Justin Finch-Fletchley, Hannah Abbott, a Hufflepuff girl with a long plait clown her back whose name Harry did not know	 three Ravenclaw boys he was pretty sure were called Anthony Goldstein, Michael Corner and Terry Boot, Ginny, closely followed by a tall skinny blond boy with an upturned nose whom Harry recognised vaguely as being a member of the Hufflepuff Quidditch team and, bringing up the rear, Fred and George Weasley with their friend Lee Jordan, all three of whom were carrying large paper bags crammed with Zonko's merchandise.  'A couple of people?' said Harry hoarsely to Hermione. 'A couple of people?'  'Yes, well, the idea seemed quite popular,' said Hermione happily. 'Ron, do you want to pull up some more chairs?'  The barman had frozen in the act of wiping out a glass with a rag so filthy it looked as though it had never been washed. Possibly, he had never seen his pub so full.  'Hi,' said Fred, reaching the bar first and counting his companions quickly, 'could we have . . . twenty-five Butterbeers, please?'  The barman glared at him for a moment, then, throwing down his rag irritably as though he had been interrupted in something very important, he started passing up dusty Butterbeers from under the bar.  'Cheers,' said Fred, handing them out. 'Cough up, everyone, I haven't got enough gold for all of these . . .'  Harry watched numbly as the large chattering group took their beers from Fred and rummaged in their robes to find coins. He could not imagine what all these people had turned up for until the horrible thought occurred to him that they might be expecting same kind of speech, at which he rounded on Hermione.  'What have you been telling people?' he said in a low voice. 'What are they expecting?'  'I've told you, they just want to hear what you've got to say,' said Hermione soothingly	 but Harry continued to look at her so furiously that she added quickly, 'you don't have to do anything yet, I'll speak to them first.'  'Hi, Harry' said Neville, beaming and taking a seat opposite him.  Harry tried to smile back, but did not speak	 his mouth was exceptionally dry. Cho had just smiled at him and sat down on Ron's right. Her friend, who had curly reddish-blonde hair, did not smile, but gave Harry a thoroughly mistrustful look which plainly told him that, given her way, she would not be here at all.  In twos and threes the new arrivals settled around Harry, Ron and Hermione, some looking rather excited, others curious, Luna Lovegood gazing dreamily into space. When everybody had pulled up a chair, the chatter died out. Every eye was upon Harry.  'Er,' said Hermione, her voice slightly higher than usual out of nerves. 'Well - er - hi.'  The group focused its attention on her instead, though eyes continued to dart back regularly to Harry.  'Well . . . erm . . . well, you know why you're here. Erm . . . well, Harry here had the idea - I mean' (Harry had thrown her a sharp look) 'I had the idea - that it might be good if people who wanted to study Defence Against the Dark Arts - and I mean, really study it, you know, not the rubbish that Umbridge is doing with us - '(Hermione's voice became suddenly much stronger and more confident) ' - because nobody could call that Defence Against the Dark Arts - ' ('Hear, hear,' said Anthony Goldstein, and Hermione looked heartened) ' - Well, I thought it would be good if we, well, took matters into our own hands.'  She paused, looked sideways at Harry and went on, 'And by that I mean learning how to defend ourselves properly, not just in theory but doing the real spells - '  'You want to pass your Defence Against the Dark Arts OWL too, though, I bet?' said Michael Corner, who was watching her closely.  'Of course I do,' said Hermione at once. 'But more than that, I want to be properly trained in defence because . . . because . . .' she took a great breath and finished, 'because Lord Voldemort is back.'  The reaction was immediate and predictable. Clio's friend shrieked and slopped Butterbeer down herself	 Terry Boot gave a kind of involuntary twitch
Order of the Phoenix=Educational DecreeNumber Twenty-fourHarry felt happier for the rest of the weekend than he had done all term. He and Ron spent much of Sunday catching up with all their homework again, and although this could hardly be called fun, the last burst of autumn sunshine persisted, so rather than sitting hunched over tables in the common room they took their work outside and lounged in the shade of a large beech tree on the edge of the lake. Hermione, who of course was up to date with all her work, brought more wool outside with her and bewitched her knitting needles so that they flashed and clicked in midair beside her, producing more hats and scarves.  Knowing they were doing something to resist Umbridge and the Ministry and that he was a key part of the rebellion, gave Harry a feeling of immense satisfaction. He kept reliving Saturdays meeting in his mind: all those people, coming to him to learn Defence Against the Dark Arts . . . and the looks on their faces as they had heard some of the things he had done . . . and Cho praising his performance in the Triwizard Tournament - knowing all those people did not think him a lying weirdo, but someone to be admired, buoyed him up so much that he was still cheerful on Monday morning, despite the imminent prospect of all his least favourite classes.  He and Ron headed downstairs from their dormitory, discussing Angelina's idea that they were to work on a new move called the Sloth Grip Roll during that nights Quidditch practice, and not until they were halfway across the sunlit common room did they notice the addition to the room that had already attracted the attention of a small group of people.  A large sign had been affixed to the Grffindor noticeboard, so large it covered everything else on it - the lists of secondhand spellbooks for sale, the regular reminders of school rules from Argus Filch, the Quidditch team training timetable, the offers to barter certain Chocolate Frog Cards for others, the Weasleys' latest advertisement for testers, the dates of the Hogsmeade weekends and the lost and found notices. The new sign was printed in large black letters and there was a highly official-looking seal at the bottom beside a neat and curly signature.BY ORDER OF THE HIGH INQUISITOR OF HOGWARTSAll student organisations, societies, teams, groups and clubs arehenceforth disbanded.An organisation, society, team, group or club is hereby definedas a regular meeting of three or more students.Permission to re-form may be sought from the High Inquisitor(Professor Umbridge).No student organisation, society, team, group or club may existwithout the knowledge and approval of the High Inquisitor.Any student found to have formed, or to belong to, an organisation,society, team, group or club that has not been approved bythe High Inquisitor will be expelled.The above is in accordance with Educational DecreeNumber Twenty-four.Signed: Dolores Jane Umbridge, High InquisitorHarry and Ron read the notice over the heads of some anxious-looking second-years.  'Does this mean they're going to shut down the Gobstones Club?' one of them asked his friend.  'I reckon you'll be OK with Gobstones,' Ron said darkly, making the second-year jump. I don't think we're going to be as lucky, though, do you?' he asked Harry as the second-years hurried away.  Harry was reading the notice through again. The happiness that had filled him since Saturday was gone. His insides were pulsing with rage.  'This isn't a coincidence,' he said, his hands forming fists. 'She knows.'  'She can't,' said Ron at once.  There were people listening in that pub. And let's face it, we don't know how many of the people who turned up we can trust . . . any of them could have run off and told Umbridge . . .'  And he had thought they believed him, thought they even admired him . . .  'Zacharias Smith!' said Ron at once, punching a fist into his hand. 'Or - I thought that Michael Corner had a really shifty look, too - '  'I wonder if Hermione's seen this yet?' Harry said, looking round at the door to the girls' dormitories.  'Let's go and tell her,' said Ron. He bounded forwards, pulled open the door and set off up the spiral staircase.  He was on the sixth stair when there was a loud, wailing, klaxon-like sound and the steps melted together to make a long, smooth stone slide like a helter-skelter. There was a brief moment when Ron tried to keep running, arms working madly like windmills, then he toppled over backwards and shot down the newly created slide, coming to rest on his back at Harry's feet.  'Er - I don't think we're allowed in the girls' dormitories,' said Harry, pulling Ron to his feet and trying not to laugh.  Two fourth-year girls came zooming gleefully down the stone slide.  'Oooh. who tried to get upstairs?' they giggled happily, leaping to their feet and ogling Harry and Ron.  'Me,' said Ron, who was still rather dishevelled. T didn't realise that would happen. It's not fair!' he added to Harry, as the girls headed off for the portrait hole, still giggling madly. 'Hermione's allowed in our dormitory, how come we're not allowed - ?'  'Well, it's an old-fashioned rule,' said Hermione, who had just slid neatly on to a rug in front of them and was now getting to her feet, 'but it says in Hogwarts: A History, that the founders thought boys were less trustworthy than girls. Anyway, why were you trying to get in there?'  To see you - look at this!' said Ron, dragging her over to the noticeboard.  Hermione's eyes slid rapidly down the notice. Her expression became stony.  'Someone must have blabbed to her!' Ron said angrily.  'They can't have done,' said Hermione in a low voice.  'You're so naive,' said Ron, 'you think just because you're all honourable and trustworthy - '  'No, they can't have done, because I put a jinx on that piece of parchment we all signed,' said Hermione grimly. 'Believe me, if anyone's run off and told Umbridge, we'll know exactly who they are and they will really regret it.'  'What'll happen to them?' said Ron eagerly.  'Well, put it this way,' said Hermione, 'it'll make Eloise Midgeon's acne look like a couple of cute freckles. Come on, let's get down to breakfast and see what the others think . . . I wonder whether this has been put up in all the houses?'  It was immediately apparent on entering the Great Hall that Umbridge's sign had not only appeared in Gryffindor Tower. There was a peculiar intensity about the chatter and an extra measure of movement in the Hall as people scurried up and down their tables conferring on what they had read. Harry, Ron and Hermione had barely taken their seats when Neville, Dean, Fred, George and Ginny descended upon them.  'Did you see it?'  'D'you reckon she knows?'  'What are we going to do?'  They were all looking at Harry. He glanced around to make sure there were no teachers near them.  'We're going to do it anyway, of course,' he said quietly.  'Knew you'd say that,' said George, beaming and thumping Harry on the arm.  The prefects as well?' said Fred, looking quizzically at Ron and Hermione.  'Of course,' said Hermione coolly.  'Here come Ernie and Hannah Abbott,' said Ron, looking over his shoulder. 'And those Ravenclaw blokes and Smith . . . and no one looks very spotty.'  Hermione looked alarmed.  'Never mind spots, the idiots can't come over here now, it'll look really suspicious - sit down!' she mouthed to Ernie and Hannah, gesturing frantically to them to rejoin the Hufflepuff table. 'Later! We'll - talk - to - you - later!'  'I'll tell Michael,' said Ginny impatiently, swinging herself off her bench, 'the fool, honestly . . .'  She hurried off towards the Ravenclaw table	 Harry watched her go. Cho was sitting not far away, talking to the curly-haired friend she had brought along to the Hog's Head. Would Umbridge's notice scare her off meeting them again?  But the full repercussions of the sign were not felt until they were leaving the Great Hall for History of Magic.  'Harry! Ron!'  It was Angelina and she was hurrying towards them looking perfectly desperate.  'It's OK,' said Harry quietly, when she was near enough to hear him. 'We're still going to - '  'You realise she's including Quidditch in this?' Angelina said over him. 'We have to go and ask permission to re-form the Gryffindor team!'  'What?' said Harry.  'No way,' said Ron, appalled.  'You read the sign, it mentions teams too! So listen, Harry . . . I am saying this for the last time . . . please, please don't lose your temper with Umbridge again or she might not let us play any more!'  'OK, OK,' said Harry, for Angelina looked as though she was on the verge of tears. 'Don't worry, I'll behave myself . . .'  'Bet Umbridge is in History of Magic,' said Ron grimly, as they set off for Binns's lesson. 'She hasn't inspected Binns yet . . . bet you anything she's there . . .'  But he was wrong	 the only teacher present when they entered was Professor Binns, floating an inch or so above his chair as usual and preparing to continue his monotonous drone on giant wars. Harry did not even attempt to follow what he was saying today	 he doodled idly on his parchment ignoring Hermione's frequent glares and nudges, until a particularly painful poke in the ribs made him look up angrily.  'What?'  She pointed at the window. Harry looked round. Hedwig was perched on the narrow window ledge, gazing through the thick glass at him, a letter tied to her leg. Harry could not understand it	 they had just had breakfast, why on earth hadn't she delivered the letter then, as usual? Many of his classmates were pointing out Hedwig to each other, too.  'Oh, I've always loved that owl, she's so beautiful,' Harry heard Lavender sigh to Parvati.  He glanced round at Professor Binns who continued to read his notes, serenely unaware that the class's attention was even less focused upon him than usual. Harry slipped quietly off his chair, crouched down and hurried along the row to the window, where he slid the catch and opened it very slowly.  He had expected Hedwig to hold out her leg so that he could remove the letter and then fly off to the Owlery, but the moment the window was open wide enough she hopped inside, hooting dolefully. He closed the window with an anxious glance at Professor Binns, crouched low again and sped back to his seat with Hedwig on his shoulder. He regained his seat, transferred Hedwig to his lap and made to remove the letter tied to her leg.  Only then did he realise that Hedwig's feathers were oddly ruffled	 some were bent the wrong way, and she was holding one of her wings at an odd angle.  'She's hurt!' Harry whispered, bending his head low over her. Hermione and Ron leaned in closer	 Hermione even put down her quill. 'Look - there's something wrong with her wing - '  Hedwig was quivering	 when Harry made to touch the wing she gave a little jump, all her feathers on end as though she was inflating herself, and gazed at him reproachfully.  'Professor Binns,' said Harry loudly, and everyone in the class turned to look at him. 'I'm not feeling well.'  Professor Binns raised his eyes from his notes, looking amazed, as always, to find the room in front of him full of people.  'Not feeling well?' he repeated hazily.  'Not at all well,' said Harry firmly, getting to his feet with Hedwig concealed behind his back. 'I think I need to go to the hospital wing.'  'Yes,' said Professor Binns, clearly very much wrong-footed. 'Yes . . . yes, hospital wing . . . well, off you go, then, Perkins . . .'  Once outside the room, Harry returned Hedwig to his shoulder and hurried off up the corridor, pausing to think only when he was out of sight of Binns's door. His first choice of somebody to cure Hedwig would have been Hagrid, of course, but as he had no idea where Hagrid was his only remaining option was to find Professor Grubbly-Plank and hope she would help.  He peered out of a window at the blustery, overcast grounds. There was no sign of her anywhere near Hagrid's cabin	 if she was not teaching, she was probably in the staff room. He set off downstairs, Hedwig hooting feebly as she swayed on his shoulder.  Two stone gargoyles flanked the staff-room door. As Harry approached, one of them croaked, 'You should be in class, Sonny Jim.'  This is urgent,' said Harry curtly.  'Ooooh, urgent, is it?' said the other gargoyle in a high-pitched voice. 'Well, that's put us in our place, hasn't it?'  Harry knocked. He heard footsteps, then the door opened and he found himself face to face with Professor McGonagall.  'You haven't been given another detention!' she said at once, her square spectacles flashing alarmingly.  'No, Professor!' said Harry hastily.  'Well then, why are you out of class?'  'It's urgent, apparently,' said the second gargoyle snidely.  'I'm looking for Professor Grubbly-Plank,' Harry explained. 'It's my owl, she's injured.'  'Injured owl, did you say?'  Professor Grubbly-Plank appeared at Professor McGonagall's shoulder, smoking a pipe and holding a copy of the Daily Prophet.  'Yes,' said Harry, lifting Hedwig carefully off his shoulder, 'she turned up after the other post owls and her wing's all funny, look - '  Professor Grubbly-Plank stuck her pipe firmly between her teeth and took Hedwig from Harry while Professor McGonagall watched.  'Hmm,' said Professor Grubbly-Plank, her pipe waggling slightly as she talked. 'Looks like something's attacked her. Can't think what would have done it, though. Thestrals will sometimes go for birds, of course, but Hagrid's got the Hogwarts Thestrals well-trained not to touch owls.'  Harry neither knew nor cared what Thestrals were	 he just wanted to know that Hedwig was going to be all right. Professor McGonagall, however, looked sharply at Harry and said, 'Do you know how far this owl's travelled, Potter?'  'Er,' said Harry. 'From London, I think.'  He met her eyes briefly and knew, by the way her eyebrows had joined in the middle, that she understood 'London' to mean 'number twelve, Grimmauld Place'.  Professor Grubbly-Plank pulled a monocle out of the inside of her robes and screwed it into her eye, to examine Hedwig's wing closely. 'I should be able to sort this out if you leave her with me, Potter,' she said, 'she shouldn't be flying long distances for a few days, in any case.'  'Er - right - thanks,' said Harry, just as the bell rang for break.  'No problem,' said Professor Grubbly-Plank gruffly, turning back into the staff room.  'Just a moment, Wilhelmina!' said Professor McGonagall. 'Potter's letter!'  'Oh yeah!' said Harry, who had momentarily forgotten the scroll tied to Hedwig's leg. Professor Grubbly-Plank handed it over and then disappeared into the staff room carrying Hedwig, who was staring at Harry as though unable to believe he would give her away like this. Feeling slightly guilty, he turned to go, but Professor McGonagall called him back.  'Potter!'  'Yes, Professor?'  She glanced up and down the corridor	 there were students coming from both directions.  'Bear in mind,' she said quickly and quietly, her eyes on the scroll in his hand, 'that channels of communication in and out of Hogwarts may be being watched, won't you?'  'I - ' said Harry, but the flood of students rolling along the  corridor was almost upon him. Professor McGonagall gave him a curt nod and retreated into the staff room, leaving Harry to be swept out into the courtyard with the crowd. He spotted Ron and Hermione already standing in a sheltered corner, their cloak collars turned up against the wind. Harry slit open the scroll as he hurried towards them and found five words in Sirius's handwriting:  Today, same time, same place.  'Is Hedwig OK?' asked Hermione anxiously, the moment he was within earshot.  'Where did you take her?' asked Ron.  'To Grubbly-Plank,' said Harry. 'And I met McGonagall . . . listen . . .'  And he told them what Professor McGonagall had said. To his surprise, neither of the others looked shocked. On the contrary, they exchanged significant looks.  'What?' said Harry, looking from Ron to Hermione and back again.  'Well, I was just saying to Ron . . . what if someone had tried to intercept Hedwig? I mean, she's never been hurt on a flight before, has she?'  'Who's the letter from, anyway?' asked Ron, taking the note from Harry.  'Snuffles,' said Harry quietly.  'Same time, same place? Does he mean the fire in the common room?'  'Obviously,' said Hermione, also reading the note. She looked uneasy. 'I just hope nobody else has read this . . .'  'But it was still sealed and everything,' said Harry, trying to convince himself as much as her. 'And nobody would understand what it meant if they didn't know where we'd spoken to him before, would they?'  T don't know,' said Hermione anxiously, hitching her bag back over her shoulder as the bell rang again, 'it wouldn't be exactly difficult to re-seal the scroll by magic . . . and if anyone's watching the Floo Network . . . but I don't really see how we can warn him not to come without that being intercepted, too!'  They trudged down the stone steps to the dungeons for Potions, all three of them, lost in thought, but as they reached the bottom of the steps they were recalled to themselves by the voice of Draco Malfoy, who was standing just outside Snape's classroom door, waving around an official-looking piece of parchment and talking much louder than was necessary so that they could hear every word.  'Yeah, Umbridge gave the Slytherin Quidditch team permission to continue playing straightaway, I went to ask her first thing this morning. Well, it was pretty much automatic, I mean, she knows my father really well, he's always popping in and out of the Ministry . . . it'll be interesting to see whether Gryffindor are allowed to keep playing, won't it?'  'Don't rise,' Hermione whispered imploringly to Harry and Ron, who were both watching Malfoy, faces set and fists clenched. 'It's what he wants.'  'I mean,' said Malfoy, raising his voice a little more, his grey eyes glittering malevolently in Harry and Ron's direction, 'if it's a question of influence with the Ministry, I don't think they've got much chance . . . from what my father says, they've been looking for an excuse to sack Arthur Weasley for years . . . and as for Potter . . . my father says it's a matter of time before the Ministry has him carted off to St Mungo's . . . apparently they've got a special ward for people whose brains have been addled by magic.'  Malfoy made a grotesque face, his mouth sagging open and his eyes rolling. Crabbe and Goyle gave their usual grunts of laughter	 Pansy Parkinson shrieked with glee.  Something collided hard with Harry's shoulder, knocking him sideways. A split second later he realised that Neville had just charged past him, heading straight for Malfoy.  'Neville, no!'  Harry leapt forward and seized the back of Neville's robes	 Neville struggled frantically, his fists flailing, trying desperately to get at Malfoy who looked, for a moment, extremely shocked.  'Help me!' Harry flung at Ron, managing to get an arm around Neville's neck and dragging him backwards, away from the Slytherins. Crabbe and Goyle were flexing their arms as they stepped in front of Malfoy, ready for the fight. Ron seized Neville's arms, and together he and Harry succeeded in dragging Neville back into the Gryffindor line. Nevilles face was scarlet	 the pressure Harry was exerting on his throat rendered him quite incomprehensible, but odd words spluttered from his mouth.  'Not . . . funny . . . don't . . . Mungo's . . . show . . . him . . .'  The dungeon door opened. Snape appeared there. His black eyes swept up the Gryffindor line to the point where Harry and Ron were wrestling with Neville.  'Fighting, Potter, Weasley, Longbottom?' Snape said in his cold, sneering voice. 'Ten points from Gryffindor. Release Longbottom, Potter, or it will be detention. Inside, all of you.'  Harry let go of Neville, who stood panting and glaring at him.  'I had to stop you,' Harry gasped, picking up his bag. 'Crabbe and Goyle would've torn you apart.'  Neville said nothing
Order of the Phoenix=Dumbledore's Army'Umbridge has been reading your mail, Harry. There's no other explanation.'  'You think Umbridge attacked Hedwig?' he said, outraged.  'I'm almost certain of it,' said Hermione grimly. 'Watch your frog, it's escaping.'  Harry pointed his wand at the bullfrog that had been hopping hopefully towards the other side of the table - 'Accio!' - and it zoomed gloomily back into his hand.  Charms was always one of the best lessons in which to enjoy a private chat	 there was generally so much movement and activity that the danger of being overheard was very slight. Today, with the room full of croaking bullfrogs and cawing ravens, and with a heavy downpour of rain clattering and pounding against the classroom windows, Harry, Ron and Hermione's whispered discussion about how Umbridge had nearly caught Sirius went quite unnoticed.  'I've been suspecting this ever since Filch accused you of ordering Dungbombs, because it seemed such a stupid lie,' Hermione whispered. 'I mean, once your letter had been read it would have been quite clear you weren't ordering them, so you wouldn't have been in trouble at all - it's a bit of a feeble joke, isn't it? But then I thought, what if somebody just wanted an excuse to read your mail? Well then, it would be a perfect way for Umbridge to manage it - tip off Filch, let him do the dirty work and confiscate the letter, then either find a way of stealing it from him or else demand to see it - I don't think Filch would object, when's he ever stuck up for a student's rights? Harry, you're squashing your frog.'  Harry looked down	 he was indeed squeezing his bullfrog so tightly its eyes were popping	 he replaced it hastily upon the desk.  'It was a very, very close call last night,' said Hermione. 'I just wonder if Umbridge knows how close it was. Silendo.'  The bullfrog on which she was practising her Silencing Charm was struck dumb mid-croak and glared at her reproachfully.  'If she'd caught Snuffles - '  Harry finished the sentence for her.  ' - He'd probably be back in Azkaban this morning.' He waved his wand without really concentrating	 his bullfrog swelled like a green balloon and emitted a high-pitched whistle.  'Silencio!' said Hermione hastily, pointing her wand at Harry's frog, which deflated silently before them. 'Well, he mustn't do it again, that's all. I just don't know how we're going to let him know. We can't send him an owl.'  'I don't reckon he'll risk it again,' said Ron. 'He's not stupid, he knows she nearly got him. Silencio.'  The large and ugly raven in front of him let out a derisive caw.  'Silencio. SILENCIO!'  The raven cawed more loudly.  'It's the way you're moving your wand,' said Hermione, watching Ron critically, 'you don't want to wave it, it's more a sharp jab.'  'Ravens are harder than frogs,' said Ron through clenched teeth.  'Fine, let's swap,' said Hermione, seizing Ron's raven and replacing it with her own fat bullfrog. 'Silencio!' The raven continued to open and close its sharp beak, but no sound came out.  'Very good, Miss Granger!' said Professor Flitwick's squeaky little voice, making Harry, Ron and Hermione all jump. 'Now, let me see you try, Mr Weasley'  'Wha-? Oh - oh, right,' said Ron, very flustered. 'Er - silencio!'  He jabbed at the bullfrog so hard he poked it in the eye: the frog gave a deafening croak and leapt off the desk.  It came as no surprise to any of them that Harry and Ron were given additional practice of the Silencing Charm for homework.  They were allowed to remain inside over break due to the downpour outside. They found seats in a noisy and overcrowded classroom on the first floor in which Peeves was floating dreamily up near the chandelier, occasionally blowing an ink pellet at the top of somebody's head. They had barely sat down when Angelina came struggling towards them through the groups of gossiping students.  'I've got permission!' she said. To re-form the Quidditch team!'  'Excellent!' said Ron and Harry together.  'Yeah,' said Angelina, beaming. 'I went to McGonagall and I think she might have appealed to Dumbledore. Anyway, Umbridge had to give in. Ha! So I want you down at the pitch at seven o'clock tonight, all right, because we've got to make up time. You realise we're only three weeks away from our first match?'  She squeezed away from them, narrowly dodged an ink pellet from Peeves, which hit a nearby first-year instead, and vanished from sight.  Ron's smile slipped slightly as he looked out of the window, which was now opaque with hammering rain.  'Hope this clears up. What's up with you, Hermione?'  She, too, was gazing at the window, but not as though she really saw it. Her eyes were unfocused and there was a frown on her face.  'Just thinking . . .' she said, still frowning at the rain-washed window.  'About Siri - Snuffles?' said Harry.  'No . . . not exactly . . . said Hermione slowly. 'More . . . wondering . . . I suppose we're doing the right thing . . . I think . . . aren't  Harry and Ron looked at each other.  'Well, that clears that up,' said Ron. 'It would've been really annoying if you hadn't explained yourself properly.'  Hermione looked at him as though she had only just realised he was there.  'I was just wondering,' she said, her voice stronger now, 'whether we're doing the right thing, starting this Defence Against the Dark Arts group.'  'What?' said Harry and Ron together.  'Hermione, it was your idea in the first place!' said Ron indignantly.  'I know,' said Hermione, twisting her fingers together. 'But after talking to Snuffles . . .'  'But he's all for it,' said Harry.  'Yes,' said Hermione, staring at the window again. 'Yes, that's what made me think maybe it wasn't a good idea after all . . .'  Peeves floated over them on his stomach, peashooter at the ready	 automatically all three of them lifted their bags to cover their heads until he had passed.  'Let's get this straight,' said Harry angrily, as they put their bags back on the floor, 'Sirius agrees with us, so you don't think we should do it any more?'  Hermione looked tense and rather miserable. Now staring at her own hands, she said, 'Do you honestly trust his judgement?'  'Yes, I do!' said Harry at once. 'He's always given us great advice!'  An ink pellet whizzed past them, striking Katie Bell squarely in the ear. Hermione watched Katie leap to her feet and start throwing things at Peeves	 it was a few moments before Hermione spoke again and it sounded as though she was choosing her words very carefully.  'You don't think he has become . . . sort of . . . reckless . . . since he's been cooped up in Grimmauld Place? You don't think he's . . . kind of . . . living through us?'  'What d'you mean, living through us?' Harry retorted.  'I mean . . . well, I think he'd love to be forming secret Defence societies right under the nose of someone from the Ministry . . . I think he's really frustrated at how little he can do where he is . . . so I think he's keen to kind of . . . egg us on.'  Ron looked utterly perplexed.  'Sirius is right,' he said, 'you do sound just like my mother.'  Hermione bit her lip and did not answer. The bell rang just as Peeves swooped down on Katie and emptied an entire ink bottle over her head.*The weather did not improve as the day wore on, so that at seven o'clock that evening, when Harry and Ron went down to the Quidditch pitch for practice, they were soaked through within minutes, their feet slipping and sliding on the sodden grass. The sky was a deep, thundery grey and it was a relief to gain the warmth and light of the changing rooms, even if they knew the respite was only temporary. They found Fred and George debating whether to use one of their own Skiving Snackboxes to get out of flying.  '. . . but I bet she'd know what we'd done,' Fred said out of the corner of his mouth. 'If only I hadn't offered to sell her some Puking Pastilles yesterday.'  'We could try the Fever Fudge,' George muttered, 'no one's seen that yet - '  'Does it work?' enquired Ron hopefully, as the hammering of rain on the roof intensified and wind howled around the building.  'Well, yeah,' said Fred, 'your temperature'll go right up.'  'But you get these massive pus-filled boils, too,' said George, 'and we haven't worked out how to get rid of them yet.'  'I can't see any boils,' said Ron, staring at the twins.  'No, well, you wouldn't,' said Fred darkly, 'they're not in a place we generally display to the public.'  'But they make sitting on a broom a right pain in the - '  'All right, everyone, listen up,' said Angelina loudly, emerging from the Captain's office. 'I know it's not ideal weather, but there's a chance we'll be playing Slytherin in conditions like this so it's a good idea to work out how we're going to cope with them. Harry, didn't you do something to your glasses to stop the rain fogging them up when we played Hufflepuff in that storm?'  'Hermione did it,' said Harry. He pulled out his wand, tapped h s glasses and said, 'Impervius!'  'I think we all ought to try that,' said Angelina. 'If we could just keep the rain off our faces it would really help visibility - all together, come on - Imperviusl OK. Let's go.'  They all stowed their wands back in the inside pockets of their robes, shouldered their brooms and followed Angelina out of the changing rooms.  They squelched through the deepening mud to the middle of the pitch	 visibility was still very poor even with the Impervius Charm	 light was fading fast and curtains of rain were sweeping the grounds.  'All right, on my whistle,' shouted Angelina.  Harry kicked off from the ground, spraying mud in all directions, and shot upwards, the wind pulling him slightly off course.  He had no idea how he was going to see the Snitch in this weather	 he was having enough difficulty seeing the one Bludger with which they were practising	 a minute into the practice it almost unseated him and he had to use the Sloth Grip Roll to avoid it. Unfortunately, Angelina did not see this. In fact, she did not appear to be able to see anything	 none of them had a clue what the others were doing. The wind was picking up	 even at a distance Harry could hear the swishing, pounding sounds of the rain pummelling the surface of the lake.  Angelina kept them at it for nearly an hour before conceding defeat. She led her sodden and disgruntled team back into the changing rooms, insisting that the practice had not been a waste of time, though without any real conviction in her voice. Fred and George were looking particularly annoyed	 both were bandy-legged and winced with every movement. Harry could hear them complaining in low voices as he towelled his hair dry.  'I think a few of mine have ruptured,' said Fred in a hollow voice.  'Mine haven't,' said George, through clenched teeth, 'they're throbbing like mad . . . feel bigger if anything.'  'OUCH!' said Harry.  He pressed the towel to his face, his eyes screwed tight with pain. The scar on his forehead had seared again, more painfully than it had in weeks.  'What's up?' said several voices.  Harry emerged from behind his towel
Order of the Phoenix=The Lion and the SerpantHarry felt as though he were carrying some kind of talisman inside his chest over the following two weeks, a glowing secret that supported him through Umbridge's classes and even made it possible for him to smile blandly as he looked into her horrible bulging eyes. He and the DA were resisting her under her very nose, doing the very thing she and the Ministry most feared, and whenever he was supposed to be reading Wilbert Slinkhard's book during her lessons he dwelled instead on satisfying memories of their most recent meetings, remembering how Neville had successfully disarmed Hermione, how Colin Creevey had mastered the Impediment Jinx after three meetings' hard effort, how Parvati Patil had produced such a good Reductor Curse that she had reduced the table carrying all the Sneakoscopes to dust.  He was finding it almost impossible to fix a regular night of the week for the DA meetings, as they had to accommodate three separate: team's Quidditch practices, which were often rearranged due to bad weather conditions	 but Harry was not sorry about this	 he had a feeling that it was probably better to keep the timing of their meetings unpredictable. If anyone was watching them, it would be hard to make out a pattern.  Hermione soon devised a very clever method of communicating the time and date of the next meeting to all the members in case they needed to change it at short notice, because it would look suspicious if people from different Houses were seen crossing the Great Hall to talk to each other too often. She gave each of the members of the DA a fake Galleon (Ron became very excited when he first saw the basket and was convinced she was actually giving out gold).  'You see the numerals around the edge of the coins?' Hermione said, holding one up for examination at the end of their fourth meeting. The coin gleamed fat and yellow in the light from the torches. 'On real Galleons that's just a serial number referring to the goblin who cast the coin. On these fake coins, though, the numbers will change to reflect the time and date of the next meeting. The coins will grow hot when the date changes, so if you're carrying them in a pocket you'll be able to feel them. We take one each, and when Harry sets the date of the next meeting he'll change the numbers on his coin, and because I've put a Protean Charm on them, they'll all change to mimic his.'  A blank silence greeted Hermione's words. She looked around at all the faces upturned to her, rather disconcerted.  'Well - I thought it was a good idea,' she said uncertainly, 'I mean, even if Umbridge asked us to turn out our pockets, there's nothing fishy about carrying a Galleon, is there? But . . . well, if you don't want to use them - '  'You can do a Protean Charm?' said Terry Boot  'Yes,' said Hermione.  'But that's . . . that's NEWT standard, that is,' he said weakly.  'Oh,' said Hermione, trying to look modest. 'Oh . . . well . . . yes, I suppose it is.'  'How come you're not in Ravenclaw?' he demanded, staring at Hermione with something close to wonder. 'With brains like yours?'  Well, the Sorting Hat did seriously consider putting me in Ravenclaw during my Sorting,' said Hermione brightly, 'but it decided on Gryffindor in the end. So, does that mean we're using the Galleons?'  There was a murmur of assent and everybody moved forwards to collect one from the basket. Harry looked sideways at Hermione.  'You know what these remind me of?'  'No, what's that?'  The Death Eaters' scars. Voldemort touches one of them, and all their scars burn, and they know they've got to join him.'  'Well . . . yes,' said Hermione quietly, 'that is where I got the idea . . . but you'll notice I decided to engrave the date on bits of metal rather than on our members' skin.'  'Yeah . . . I prefer your way,' said Harry, grinning, as he slipped his	 Galleon into his pocket. 'I suppose the only danger with these is that we might accidentally spend them.'  'Fat chance,' said Ron, who was examining his own fake Galleon with a slightly mournful air, 'I haven't got any real Galleons to confuse it with.'  As the first Quidditch match of the season, Gryffindor versus Slytherin, drew nearer, their DA meetings were put on hold because Angelina insisted on almost daily practices. The fact that the Quidditch Cup had not been held for so long added considerably to the interest and excitement surrounding the forthcoming game	 the: Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs were taking a lively interest in the outcome, for they, of course, would be playing both teams over the coming year	 and the Heads of House of the competing teams, though they attempted to disguise it under a decent pretence of sportsmanship, were determined to see their own side victorious. Harry realised how much Professor McGonagall cared about beating Slytherin when she abstained from giving them homework in the week leading up to the match.  I think you've got enough to be getting on with at the moment,' she	 said loftily. Nobody could quite believe their ears until she looked directly at Harry and Ron and said grimly, 'I've become accustomed to seeing the Quidditch Cup in my study, boys, and I really don't want to have to hand it over to Professor Snape, so use the extra time to practise, won't you?'  Snape was no less obviously partisan	 he had booked the Quidditch pitch for Slytherin practice so often that the Gryffindors had difficulty getting on it to play. He was also turning a deaf ear to the many reports of Slytherin attempts to hex Gryffindor players in the corridors. When Alicia Spinnet turned up in the hospital wing with her eyebrows growing so thick and fast they obscured her vision and obstructed her mouth, Snape insisted that she must have attempted a Hair-thickening Charm on herself and refused to listen to the fourteen eye-witnesses who insisted they had seen the Slytherin Keeper, Miles Bletchley, hit her from behind with a jinx while she worked in the library.  Harry felt optimistic about Gryffindors chances	 they had, after all, never lost to Malfoy's team. Admittedly, Ron was still not performing to Wood's standard, but he was working extremely hard to improve. His greatest weakness was a tendency to lose confidence after he'd made a blunder	 if he let in one goal he became flustered and was therefore likely to miss more. On the other hand, Harry had seen Ron make some truly spectacular saves when he was on form	 during one memorable practice he had hung one-handed from his broom and kicked the Quaffle so hard away from the goalhoop that it soared the length of the pitch and through the centre hoop at the other end	 the rest of the team felt this save compared favourably with one made recently by Barry Ryan, the Irish International Keeper, against Poland's top Chaser, Ladislaw Zamojski. Even Fred had said that Ron might yet make him and George proud, and that they were seriously considering admitting he was related to them, something they assured him they had been trying to deny for four years.  The only thing really worrying Harry was how much Ron was allowing the tactics of the Slytherin team to upset him before they even got on to the pitch. Harry, of course, had endured their snide comments for over four years, so whispers of, 'Hey, Potty, I heard Warrington's sworn to knock you off your broom on Saturday', far from chilling his blood, made him laugh. 'Warrington's aim's so pathetic I'd be more worried if he was aiming for the person next to me,' he retorted, which made Ron and Hermione laugh and wiped the smirk off Pansy Parkinson's face.  But Ron had never endured a relentless campaign of insults, jeers and intimidation. When Slytherins, some of them seventh-years and considerably larger than he was, muttered as they passed in the corridors, 'Got your bed booked in the hospital wing, Weasley?' he didn't laugh, but turned a delicate shade of green. When Draco Malfoy imitated Ron dropping the Quaffle (which he did whenever they came within sight of each other), Ron's ears glowed red and his hands shook so badly that he was likely to drop whatever he was holding at the time, too.  October extinguished itself in a rush of howling winds and driving rain and November arrived, cold as frozen iron, with hard frosts every morning and icy draughts that bit at exposed hands and faces. The skies and the ceiling of the Great Hall turned a pale, pearly grey, the mountains around Hogwarts were snowcapped, and the temperature in the castle dropped so low that many students wore their thick protective dragonskin gloves in the corridors between lessons.  The morning of the match dawned bright and cold. When Harry awoke he looked round at Ron's bed and saw him sitting bolt upright, his arms around his knees, staring fixedly into space.  'You all right?' said Harry.  Ron nodded but did not speak. Harry was reminded forcibly of the time Ron had accidentally put a Slug-vomiting Charm on himself	 he looked just as pale and sweaty as he had done then, not to mention as reluctant to open his mouth.  'You just need some breakfast,' Harry said bracingly. 'C'mon.'  The Great Hall was filling up fast when they arrived, the talk louder and the mood more exuberant than usual. As they passed the Slytherin table there was an upsurge of noise. Harry looked round and saw that, in addition to the usual green and silver scarves and hats, every one of them was wearing a silver badge in the shape of what seemed to be a crown. For some reason many of them waved at Ron, laughing uproariously. Harry tried to see what was written on the badges as he walked by, but he was too concerned to get Ron past their table quickly to linger long enough to read them.  They received a rousing welcome at the Gryffindor table, where everyone was wearing red and gold, but far from raising Ron's spirits the cheers seemed to sap the last of his morale	 he collapsed on to the nearest bench looking as though he were facing his final meal.  'I must've been mental to do this,' he said in a croaky whisper. 'Mental.'  'Don't be thick,' said Harry firmly, passing him a choice of cereals, 'you're going to be fine. It's normal to be nervous.'  'I'm rubbish,' croaked Ron. 'I'm lousy. I can't play to save my life. What was I thinking?'  'Get a grip,' said Harry sternly. 'Look at that save you made with your foot the other day, even Fred and George said it was brilliant.'  Ron turned a tortured face to Harry.  'That was an accident,' he whispered miserably. 'I didn't mean to do it - I slipped off my broom when none of you were looking and when I was trying to get back on I kicked the Quaffle by accident.'  'Well,' said Harry, recovering quickly from this unpleasant surprise, 'a few more accidents like that and the game's in the bag, isn't it?'  Hermione and Ginny sat down opposite them wearing red and gold scarves, gloves and rosettes.  'How're you feeling?' Ginny asked Ron, who was now staring into the dregs of milk at the bottom of his empty cereal bowl as though seriously considering attempting to drown himself in them.  'He's just nervous,' said Harry.  'Well, that's a good sign, I never feel you perform as well in exams if you're not a bit nervous,' said Hermione heartily.  'Hello,' said a vague and dreamy voice from behind them. Harry looked up: Luna Lovegood had drifted over from the Ravenclaw table. Many people were staring at her and a few were openly laughing and pointing
Order of the Phoenix=Hagrid's TaleHarry sprinted up to the boys' dormitories to fetch the Invisibility Cloak and the Marauder's Map from his trunk	 he was so quick that he and Ron were ready to leave at least five minutes before Hermione hurried back down from the girls' dormitories, wearing scarf, gloves and one of her own knobbly elf hats.  'Well, it's cold out there!' she said defensively, as Ron clicked his tongue impatiently.  They crept through the portrait hole and covered themselves hastily in the Cloak - Ron had grown so much he now needed to crouch to prevent his feet showing - then, moving slowly and cautiously, they proceeded down the many staircases, pausing at intervals to check on the map for signs of Filch or Mrs Morris. They were lucky	 they saw nobody but Nearly Headless Nick, who was gliding along absent-mindedly humming something that sounded horribly like 'Weasley is our King'. They crept across the Entrance Hall and out into the silent, snowy grounds. With a great leap of his heart, Harry saw little golden squares of light ahead and smoke coiling up from Hagrid's chimney. He set off at a quick march, the other two jostling and bumping along behind him. They crunched excitedly through the thickening snow until at last they reached the wooden front door. When Harry raised his fist and knocked three times, a dog started barking frantically inside.  'Hagrid, it's us!' Harry called through the keyhole.  'Shoulda known!' said a gruff voice.  They beamed at each other under the Cloak	 they could tell by Hagrid's voice that he was pleased. 'Bin home three seconds . . . out the way, Fang . . . out the way, yeh dozy dog . . .'  The bolt was drawn back, the door creaked open and Hagrid's head appeared in the gap.  Hermione screamed.  'Merlin's beard, keep it down!' said Hagrid hastily, staring wildly over their heads. 'Under that Cloak, are yeh? Well, get in, get in!'  'I'm sorry!' Hermione gasped, as the three of them squeezed past Hagrid into the house and pulled the Cloak off themselves so he could see them. 'I just - oh, Hagrid!'  'It's nuthin', it's nuthin'!' said Hagrid hastily, shutting the door behind them and hurrying to close all the curtains, but Hermione continued to gaze up at him in horror.  Hagrid's hair was matted with congealed blood and his left eye had been reduced to a puffy slit amid a mass of purple and black bruising. There were many cuts on his face and hands, some of them still bleeding, and he was moving gingerly, which made Harry suspect broken ribs. It was obvious that he had only just got home: a thick black travelling cloak lay over the back of a chair and a haversack large enough to carry several small children leaned against the wall inside the door. Hagrid himself, twice the size of a normal man, was now limping over to the fire and placing a copper kettle over it.  'What happened to you?' Harry demanded, while Fang danced around them all, trying to lick their faces.  Told yeh, nuthin',' said Hagrid firmly. 'Want a cuppa?'  'Come off it,' said Ron, 'you're in a right state!'  'I'm tellin' yeh, I'm fine,' said Hagrid, straightening up and turning to beam at them all, but wincing. 'Blimey, it's good ter see yeh three again - had good summers, did yeh?'  'Hagrid, you've been attacked!' said Ron.  'Per the las' time, it's nuthin'!' said Hagrid firmly.  'Would you say it was nothing if one of us turned up with a pound of mince instead of a face?' Ron demanded.  'You ought to go and see Madam Pomfrey, Hagrid,' said Hermione anxiously, 'some of those cuts look nasty.'  'I'm dealin' with it, all righ?' said Hagrid repressively.  He walked across to the enormous wooden table that stood in the middle of his cabin and twitched aside a tea towel that had been lying on it. Underneath was a raw, bloody, green-tinged steak slightly larger than the average car tyre.  'You're not going to eat that, are you, Hagrid?' said Ron, leaning in for a closer look. 'It looks poisonous.'  'It's s'posed ter look like that, it's dragon meat,' Hagrid said. 'An' I didn' get it ter eat.'  He picked up the steak and slapped it over the left side of his face. Greenish blood trickled down into his beard as he gave a soft moan of satisfaction.  'Tha's better. It helps with the stingin', yeh know.'  'So, are you going to tell us what's happened to you?' Harry asked.  'Can't, Harry. Top secret. More'n me job's worth ter tell yeh that.'  'Did the giants beat you up, Hagrid?' asked Hermione quietly.  Hagrid's fingers slipped on the dragon steak and it slid squelchily on to his chest.  'Giants?' said Hagrid, catching the steak before it reached his belt and slapping it back over his face, 'who said anythin' abou' giants? Who yeh bin talkin' to? Who's told yeh what I've - who's said I've bin - eh?'  'We guessed,' said Hermione apologetically.  'Oh, yeh did, did yeh?' said Hagrid, surveying her sternly with the eye that was not hidden by the steak.  'It was kind of . . . obvious,' said Ron. Harry nodded.  Hagrid glared at them, then snorted, threw the steak back on to the table and strode over to the kettle, which was now whistling.  'Never known kids like you three fer knowin' more'n yeh oughta,' he muttered, splashing boiling water into three of his bucket-shaped mugs. 'An' I'm not complimentin' yeh, neither. Nosy, some'd call it. Interferin'.'  But his beard twitched.  'So you have been to look for giants?' said Harry, grinning as he sat down at the table.  Hagrid set tea in front of each of them, sat down, picked up his steak again and slapped it back over his face.  'Yeah, all righ',' he grunted, 'I have.'  'And you found them?' said Hermione in a hushed voice.  'Well, they're not that difficult ter find, ter be honest, said Hagrid. 'Pretty big, see.'  'Where are they?' said Ron.  'Mountains,' said Hagrid unhelpfully.  'So why don't Muggles - ?'  They do,' said Hagrid darkly. 'On'y their deaths are always put down ter mountaineerin' accidents, aren' they?'  He adjusted the steak a little so that it covered the worst of the bruising.  'Come on, Hagrid, tell us what you've been up to!' said Ron. Tell us about being attacked by the giants and Harry can tell you about being attacked by the Dementors - '  Hagrid choked in his mug and dropped his steak at the same time	 a large quantity of spit, tea and dragon blood was sprayed over the table as Hagrid coughed and spluttered and the steak slid, with a soft splat, on to the floor.  'Whadda yeh mean, attacked by Dementors?' growled Hagrid.  'Didn't you know?' Hermione asked him, wide-eyed.  'I don' know any thin' that's bin happenin' since I left. I was on a secret mission, wasn' I, didn' wan' owls followin' me all over the place - ruddy Dementors! Yeh're not serious?'  'Yeah, I am, they turned up in Little Whinging and attacked my cousin and me, and then the Ministry of Magic expelled me - '  'WHAT?'  ' - and I had to go to a hearing and everything, but tell us about the giants first.'  'You were expelled!'  Tell us about your summer and I'll tell you about mine.'  Hagrid glared at him through his one open eye. Harry looked right back, an expression of innocent determination on his face.  'Oh, all righ',' Hagrid said in a resigned voice.  He bent down and tugged the dragon steak out of Fang's mouth.  'Oh, Hagrid, don't, it's not hygien-' Hermione began, but Hagrid had already slapped the meat back over his swollen eye.  He took another fortifying gulp of tea, then said, 'Well, we set off righ' after term ended - '  'Madame Maxime went with you, then?' Hermione interjected.  'Yeah, tha's righ',' said Hagrid, and a softened expression appeared on the few inches of face that were not obscured by beard or green steak. 'Yeah, it was jus' the pair of us. An' I'll tell yen this, she's not afraid of roughin' it, Olympe. Yeh know, she's a fine, well-dressed woman, an' knowin' where we was goin' I wondered 'ow she'd feel abou' clamberin' over boulders an' sleepin' in caves an' tha', bu' she never complained once.'  'You knew where you were going?' Harry repeated. 'You knew where the giants were?'  'Well, Durnbledore knew, an' he told us,' said Hagrid.  'Are they hidden?' asked Ron. 'Is it a secret, where they are?'  'Not really,' said Hagrid, shaking his shaggy head. 'It's jus' that mos' wizards aren' bothered where they are, 's'long as it's a good long way away. But where they are's very difficult ter get ter, fer humans anyway, so we needed Dumbledore's instructions. Took us abou' a month ter get there - '  'A month?' said Ron, as though he had never heard of a journey lasting such a ridiculously long time. 'But - why couldn't you just grab a Portkey or something?'  There was an odd expression in Hagrid's unobscured eye as he surveyed Ron	 it was almost pitying.  'We're bein' watched, Ron,' he said gruffly.  'What d'you mean?'  'Yeh don' understand,' said Hagrid. The Ministry's keepin' an eye on Dumbledore an' anyone they reckon's in league with 'im, an' - '  'We know about that,' said Harry quickly, keen to hear the rest of Hagrid's story, 'we know about the Ministry watching Dumbledore - '  'So you couldn't use magic to get there?' asked Ron, looking thunderstruck, 'you had to act like Muggles all the way?'  'Well, not exactly all the way' said Hagrid cagily. 'We jus' had ter be careful, 'cause Olympe an' me, we stick out a bit -  Ron made a stifled noise somewhere between a snort and a sniff and hastily took a gulp of tea.  ' - so we're not hard ter follow. We was pretendin' we was goin' on holiday together, so we got inter France an' we made like we was headin' fer where Olympe's school is, 'cause we knew we was bein' tailed by someone from the Ministry. We had to go slow, 'cause I'm not really s'posed ter use magic an' we knew the Mimstry'd be lookin' fer a reason ter run us in. But we managed ter give the berk tailin' us the slip round abou' Dee-John - '  'Ooooh, Dijon?' said Hermione excitedly. 'I've been there on holiday, did you see - ?'  She fell silent at the look on Ron's face.  'We chanced a bit o' magic after that an' it wasn' a bad journey. Ran inter a couple o' mad trolls on the Polish border an' I had a sligh' disagreement with a vampire in a pub in Minsk, bu' apart from tha' couldn't'a bin smoother.  'An' then we reached the place, an' we started trekkin' up through the mountains, lookin' fer signs of 'em . . .  'We had ter lay off the magic once we got near 'em. Partly 'cause they don' like wizards an' we didn' want ter put their backs up too soon, an' partly 'cause Dumbledore had warned us You-Know-Who was bound ter be after the giants an' all. Said it was odds on he'd sent a messenger off ter them already. Told us ter be verv careful of drawin' attention ter ourselves as we got nearer in case there was Death Eaters around.'  Hagrid paused for a long draught of tea.  'Go on!' said Harry urgently.  'Found 'em,' said Hagrid baldly. 'Went over a ridge one nigh' an' there they was, spread ou' underneath us. Little fires burnin' below an' huge shadows . . . it was like watchin' bits o' the mountain movin'.'  'How big are they?' asked Ron in a hushed voice.  Bout twenty feet,' said Hagrid casually. 'Some o' the bigger ones mighta bin twenty-five.'  'And how many were there?' asked Harry.  'I reckon abou' seventy or eighty,' said Hagrid.  'Is that all?' said Hermione.  'Yep,' said Hagrid sadly, 'eighty left, an' there was loads once, musta bin a hundred diff'rent tribes from all over the world. Bu' they've bin dyin' out fer ages. Wizards killed a few, o' course, bu' mostly they killed each other, an' now they're dyin' out faster than ever. They're not made ter live bunched up together like tha'. Dumbledore says it's our fault, it was the wizards who forced 'em to go an' made 'em live a good long way from us an' they had no choice bu' ter stick together fer their own protection.'  'So,' said Harry, 'you saw them and then what?'  'Well, we waited till morning, didn' want ter go sneakin' up on 'em in the dark, fer our own safety' said Hagrid. Bout three in the mornin' they fell asleep jus' where they was sittin'. We didn' dare sleep. Fer one thing, we wanted ter make sure none of 'em woke up an' came up where we were, an' fer another, the snorin' was unbelievable. Caused an avalanche near mornin'.  'Anyway once it was light we wen' down ter see 'em.'  'Just like that?' said Ron, looking awestruck. 'You just walked right into a giant camp?'  'Well, Dumbledore'd told us how ter do it,' said Hagrid. 'Give the Gurg gifts, show some respect, yeh know.'  'Give the what gifts?' asked Harry.  'Oh, the Gurg - means the chief.'  'How could you tell which one was the Gurg?' asked Ron.  Hagrid grunted in amusement.  'No problem,' he said. 'He was the biggest, the ugliest an1 the laziest. Sittin' there waitin' ter be brought food by the others. Dead goats an' such like. Name o' Karkus. I'd put him at twenty-two, twenty-three feet an' the weight o' a couple o' bull elephants. Skin like rhino hide an' all.'  'And you just walked up to him?' said Hermione breathlessly.  'Well . . . down ter him, where he was lyin' in the valley. They was in this dip between four pretty high mountains, see, beside a mountain lake, an' Karkus was lyin' by the lake roarin' at the others ter feed him an' his wife. Olympe an' I went down the mountainside -'  'But didn't they try and kill you when they saw you?' asked Ron incredulously.  'It was def'nitely on some o' their minds,' said Hagrid, shrugging, 'but we did what Dumbledore told us ter do, which was ter hold our gift up high an' keep our eyes on the Gurg an' ignore the others. So tha's what we did. An' the rest of 'em went quiet an'  watched us pass an' we got right up ter Karkuss leet an we bowed an' put our present down in front o' him.'  'What do you give a giant?' asked Ron eagerly. 'Food?'  'Nah, he can get food all righ' fer himself,' said Hagrid. 'We took him magic. Giants like magic, jus' don' like us usin' it against 'em. Anyway, that firs' day we gave 'im a branch o' Gubraithian fire.'  Hermione said, 'Wow!' softly, but Harry and Ron both frowned in puzzlement.  'A branch of - ?'  'Everlasting fire,' said Hermione irritably, 'you ought to know that by now. Professor Flitwick's mentioned it at least twice in class!'  'Well, anyway,' said Hagrid quickly, intervening before Ron could answer back, 'Dumbledore'd bewitched this branch to burn fer evermore, which isn' somethin' any wizard could do, an' so I lies it down in the snow by Karkuss feet and says, A gift to the Gurg of the giants from Albus Dumbledore, who sends his respectful greetings.'  'And what did Karkus say?' asked Harry eagerly.  'Nothin',' said Hagrid. 'Didn' speak English.'  'You're kidding!'  'Didn' matter,' said Hagrid imperturbably, 'Dumbledore had warned us tha' migh' happen. Karkus knew enough to yell fer a couple o' giants who knew our lingo an' they translated fer us.'  'And did he like the present?' asked Ron.  'Oh yeah, it went down a storm once they understood what it was,' said Hagrid, turning his dragon steak over to press the cooler side to his swollen eye. 'Very pleased. So then I said, Albus Dumbledore asks the Gurg to speak with his messenger when he returns tomorrow with another gift. '  'Why couldn't you speak to them that day?' asked Hermione.  'Dumbledore wanted us ter take it very slow,' said Hagrid. 'Let 'em see we kept our promises. We'll come back tomorrow with another present, an' then we do come back with another present - gives a good impression, see? An' gives them time ter test out the firs' present an' iind out it's a good one, an' get 'em eager ier more. In any case, giants like Karkus - overload 'em with information an' they'll kill yeh jus' to simplify things. So we bowed outta the way an' went off an' found ourselves a nice little cave ter spend that night in an' the followin' mornin' we went back an' this time we found Karkus sittin' up waitin' fer us lookin' all eager.'  'And you talked to him?'  'Oh yeah. Firs' we presented him with a nice battle helmet - 'goblin-made an' indestructible, yeh know - an' then we sat down an' we talked.'  'What did he say?'  'Not much,' said Hagrid. 'Listened mostly. Bu' there were good signs. He'd heard o' Dumbledore, heard he'd argued against the killin' o' the last giants in Britain. Karkus seemed ter be quite int'rested in what Dumbledore had ter say. An' a few o' the others, 'specially the ones who had some English, they gathered round an' listened too. We were hopeful when we left that day. Promised ter come back next mornin' with another present.  'Bu' that night it all wen' wrong.'  'What d'you mean?' said Ron quickly.  'Well, like I say, they're not meant ter live together, giants,' said Hagrid sadly. 'Not in big groups like that. They can' help themselves, they half kill each other every few weeks. The men fight each other an' the women fight each other	 the remnants of the old tribes fight each other, an' that's even without squabbles over food an' the best fires an' sleepin' spots. Yeh'd think, seein' as how their whole race is abou' finished, they'd lay off each other, bu' . . .'  Hagrid sighed deeply.  That night a fight broke out, we saw it from the mouth of our cave, lookin' down on the valley. Went on fer hours, yeh wouldn' believe the noise. An' when the sun came up the snow was scarlet an' his head was lyin' at the bottom o' the lake.'  'Whose head?' gasped Hermione.  'Karkus's,' said Hagrid heavily. There was a new Gurg, Golgomath.' He sighed deeply. 'Well, we hadn' bargained on a new Gurg two days after we'd made friendly contact with the firs' one, an' we had a funny feelin' Golgomath wouldn' be so keen ter listen to us, bu' we had ter try'  'You went to speak to him?' asked Ron incredulously. 'After you'd watched him rip off another giant's head?'  'Course we did,' said Hagrid, 'we hadn' gone all that way ter give up after two days! We wen' down with the next present we'd meant ter give ter Karkus.  'I knew it was no go before I'd opened me mouth. He was sitting there wearin' Karkus's helmet, leerin' at us as we got nearer. He's massive, one o' the biggest ones there. Black hair an' matchin' teeth an' a necklace o' bones. Human-lookin' bones, some of 'em. Well, I gave it a go - held out a great roll o' dragon skin - an' said, A gift fer the Gurg of the giants - ' Nex' thing I knew, I was hangin' upside-down in the air by me feet, two of his mates had grabbed me.'  Hermione clapped her hands to her mouth.  'How did you get out of that!' asked Harry.  'Wouldn'ta done if Olympe hadn' bin there,' said Hagrid. 'She pulled out her wand an' did some o' the fastes' spellwork I've ever seen. Ruddy marvellous. Hit the two holdin' me right in the eyes with Conjunctivitus Curses an' they dropped me straightaway - 'bu' we were in trouble then, 'cause we'd used magic against 'em, an' that's what giants hate abou' wizards. We had ter leg it an' we knew there was no way we was going ter be able ter march inter the camp again.'  'Blimey, Hagrid,' said Ron quietly.  'So, how come it's taken you so long to get home if you were only there for three days?' asked Hermione.  'We didn' leave after three days!' said Hagrid, looking outraged. 'Dumbledore was relyin' on us!'  'But you've just said there was no way you could go back!'  'Not by daylight we couldn', no. We just had ter rethink a bit. Spent a couple o' days lyin' low up in the cave an' watchin'. An' wha' we saw wasn' good.'  'Did he rip off more heads?' asked Hermione, sounding squeamish.  'No,' said Hagrid, 'I wish he had.'  'What d'you mean?'  'I mean we soon found out he didn' object ter all wizards - 'just us.'  'You went to speak to him?' asked Ron incredulously. 'After you'd watched him rip off another giant's head?'  'Course we did,' said Hagrid, 'we hadn' gone all that way ter give up after two days! We wen' down with the next present we'd meant ter give ter Karkus.  'I knew it was no go before I'd opened me mouth. He was sitting there wearin' Karkus's helmet, leerin' at us as we got nearer. He's massive, one o' the biggest ones there. Black hair an' matchin' teeth an' a necklace o' bones. Human-lookin' bones, some of 'em. Well, I gave it a go - held out a great roll o' dragon skin - an' said, A gift fer the Gurg of the giants - ' Nex' thing I knew, I was hangin' upside-down in the air by me feet, two of his mates had grabbed me.'  Hermione clapped her hands to her mouth.  'How did you get out of that?' asked Harry.  'Wouldn'ta done if Olympe hadn' bin there,' said Hagrid. 'She pulled out her wand an' did some o' the fastes' spellwork I've ever seen. Ruddy marvellous. Hit the two holdin' me right in the eyes with Conjunctivitus Curses an' they dropped me straightaway - 'bu' we were in trouble then, 'cause we'd used magic against 'em, an' that's what giants hate abou' wizards. We had ter leg it an' we knew there was no way we was going ter be able ter march inter the camp again.'  'Blimey, Hagrid,' said Ron quietly.  'So, how come it's taken you so long to get home if you were only there for three days?' asked Hermione.  'We didn' leave after three days!' said Hagrid, looking outraged. 'Dumbledore was relyin' on us!'  'But you've just said there was no way you could go back!'  'Not by daylight we couldn', no. We just had ter rethink a bit. Spent a couple o' days lyin' low up in the cave an' watchin'. An' wha' we saw wasn' good.'  'Did he rip off more heads?' asked Hermione, sounding squeamish.  'No,' said Hagrid, 'I wish he had.'  'What d'you mean?'  'I mean we soon found out he didn' object ter all wizards - 'just us.'  'Death Eaters?' said Harry quickly.  'Yep,' said Hagrid darkly. 'Couple oi 'em were visitin' him ev'ry clay, bringin' gifts ter the Gurg, an' he wasn' dangling them upside - 'c.own.'  'How d'you know they were Death Eaters?' said Ron.  'Because I recognised one of 'em,' Hagrid growled. 'Macnair, remember him? Bloke they sent ter kill Buckbeak? Maniac, he is. L.ikes killin' as much as Golgomath	 no wonder they were gettin' on so well.'  'So Macnair's persuaded the giants to join You-Know-Who?' said Hermione desperately.  'Hold yer Hippogriffs, I haven' finished me story yet!' said Hagrid indignantly, who, considering he had not wanted to tell them anything in the first place, now seemed to be rather enjoying himself. 'Me an' Olympe talked it over an' we agreed, jus' 'cause the Gurg looked like favourin' You-Know-Who didn' mean all of 'em would. We had ter try an' persuade some o' the others, the ones who hadn' wanted Golgomath as Gurg.'  'How could you tell which ones they were?' asked Ron.  Well, they were the ones bein' beaten to a pulp, weren' they?' said Hagrid patiently. The ones with any sense were keepin' outta Golgomath's way, hidin' out in caves roun' the gully jus' like we were. So we decided we'd go pokin' round the caves by night an' see if we couldn' persuade a few o' them.'  'You went poking around dark caves looking for giants?' said Ron, with awed respect in his voice.  Well, it wasn' the giants who worried us most,' said Hagrid. 'We were more concerned abou' the Death Eaters. Dumbledore had told us before we wen' not ter tangle with 'em if we could avoid it, an' the trouble was they knew we was around - 'spect Golgomath told 'em abou' us. At night, when the giants were sleepin' an' we wanted ter be creepin' inter the caves, Macnair an' the other one were sneakin' round the mountains lookin' fer us. I was hard put to stop Olympe jumpin' out at 'em,' said Hagrid, the corners of h s mouth lifting his wild beard, 'she was rarin' ter attack 'em . . . she's somethin' when she's roused, Olympe . . . fiery, yeh know . . . 'spect it's the French in her . . .'  Hagrid gazed misty-eyed into the fire. Harry allowed him thirty seconds of reminiscence before clearing his throat loudly.  'So, what happened? Did you ever get near any of the other giants?'  'What? Oh . . . oh, yeah, we did. Yeah, on the third night after Karkus was killed we crept outta the cave we'd bin hidin' in an' headed back down inter the gully, keepin' our eyes skinned fer the Death Eaters. Got inside a few o' the caves, no go - then, in abou' the sixth one, we found three giants hidin'.'  'Cave must've been cramped,' said Ron.  'Wasn' room ter swing a Kneazle,' said Hagrid.  'Didn't they attack you when they saw you?' asked Hermione.  'Probably woulda done if they'd bin in any condition,' said Hagrid, 'but they was badly hurt, all three o' them	 Golgomath's lot had beaten 'em unconscious	 they'd woken up an' crawled inter the nearest shelter they could find. Anyway, one o' them had a bit of English an' 'e translated fer the others, an' what we had ter say didn' seem ter go down too badly. So we kep' goin' back, visitin' the wounded . . . I reckon we had abou' six or seven o' them convinced at one poin'.'  'Six or seven?' said Ron eagerly. 'Well that's not bad - are they going to come over here and start fighting You-Know-Who with us?'  But Hermione said, 'What do you mean at one point, Hagrid?'  Hagrid looked at her sadly.  'Golgomath's lot raided the caves. The ones tha' survived didn' wan' no more ter to do with us after that.'  'So . . . so there aren't any giants coming?' said Ron, looking disappointed.  'Nope,' said Hagrid, heaving a deep sigh as he turned over his steak and applied the cooler side to his face, 'but we did wha' we meant ter do, we gave 'em Dumbledore's message an' some o' them heard it an' I spect some o' them'll remember it. Jus' maybe, them that don' want ter stay around Golgomath'll move outta the mountains, an' there's gotta be a chance they'll remember Dumbledore's friendly to 'em . . . could be they'll come.'  Snow was filling up the window now. Harry became aware that the knees of his robes were soaked through: Fang was drooling with his head in Harry's lap.  'Hagrid?' said Hermione quietly after a while.  'Mmm?'  'Did you . . . was there any sign of . . . did you hear anything asout your . . . your . . . mother while you were there?'  Hagrids unobscured eye rested upon her and Hermione looked rather scared.  'I'm sorry . . . I . . . forget it - '  'Dead,' Hagrid grunted. 'Died years ago. They told me.'  'Oh . . . I'm . . . I'm really sorry,' said Hermione in a very small voice. Hagrid shrugged his massive shoulders.  'No need,' he said shortly. 'Can't remember her much. Wasn' a great mother.'  They were silent again. Hermione glanced nervously at Harry and Ron, plainly wanting them to speak.  'But you still haven't explained how you got in this state, Hagrid,' Ron said, gesturing towards Hagrid's bloodstained face.  'Or why you're back so late,' said Harry. 'Sirius says Madame Maxime got back ages ago - '  'Who attacked you?' said Ron.  'I haven' bin attacked!' said Hagrid emphatically. 'I - '  But the rest of his words were drowned in a sudden outbreak of rapping on the door. Hermione gasped	 her mug slipped through her fingers and smashed on the floor	 Fang yelped. All four of them stared at the window beside the doorway. The shadow of somebody small and squat rippled across the thin curtain.  'It's her!' Ron whispered.  'Get under here!' Harry said quickly, seizing the Invisibility Cloak, he whirled it over himself and Hermione while Ron tore around the table and dived under the Cloak as well. Huddled together, they backed away into a corner. Fang was barking madly at the door. Hagrid looked thoroughly confused.  'Hagrid, hide our mugs!'  Hagrid seized Harry and Ron's mugs and shoved them under the cushion in Fang's basket. Fang was now leaping up at the door	 Hagrid pushed him out of the way with his foot and pulled it open.  Professor Umbridge was standing in the doorway wearing her green tweed cloak and a matching hat with earflaps. Lips pursed, she leaned back so as to see Hagrid's face	 she barely reached his navel.  'So,' she said slowly and loudly, as though speaking to somebody deaf. 'You're Hagrid, are you?'  Without waiting for an answer she strolled into the room, her bulging eyes rolling in every direction.  'Get away,' she snapped, waving her handbag at Fang, who had bounded up to her and was attempting to lick her face.  'Er - I don' want ter be rude,' said Hagrid, staring at her, 'but who the ruddy hell are you?'  'My name is Dolores Umbridge.'  Her eyes were sweeping the cabin. Twice they stared directly into the corner where Harry stood, sandwiched between Ron and Hermione.  'Dolores Umbridge?' Hagrid said, sounding thoroughly confused. 'I thought you were one o' them Ministry - don' you work with Fudge?'  'I was Senior Undersecretary to the Minister, yes,' said Umbridge, now pacing around the cabin, taking in every tiny detail within, from the haversack against the wall to the abandoned travelling cloak. 'I am now the Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher - '  Tha's brave of yeh,' said Hagrid, 'there's not many'd take tha' job any more.'  ' - and Hogwarts High Inquisitor,' said Umbridge, giving no sign that she had heard him.  'Wha's that?' said Hagrid, frowning.  'Precisely what I was going to ask,' said Umbridge, pointing at the broken shards of china on the floor that had been Hermione's mug.  'Oh,' said Hagrid, with a most unhelpful glance towards the corner where Harry, Ron and Hermione stood hidden, 'oh, tha' was . . . was Fang. He broke a mug. So I had ter use this one instead.'  Hagrid pointed to the mug from which he had been drinking, one hand still clamped over the dragon steak pressed to his eye. Umbridge stood facing him now, taking in every detail of his appearance instead of the cabins.  'I heard voices,' she said quietly.  'I was talkin' ter Fang,' said Hagrid stoutly.  'And was he talking back to you?'  'Well . . . in a manner o' speakin',' said Hagrid, looking uncomfortable. 'I sometimes say Fang's near enough human - '  There are three sets of footprints in the snow leading from the castle doors to your cabin,' said Umbridge sleekly.  Hermione gasped
Order of the Phoenix=The Eye of the SnakeHermione ploughed her way back to Hagrid's cabin through two feet of snow on Sunday morning. Harry and Ron wanted to go with her, but their mountain of homework had reached an alarming height again, so they remained grudgingly in the common room, Tying to ignore the gleeful shouts drifting up from the grounds outside, where students were enjoying themselves skating on the frozen lake, tobogganing and, worst of all, bewitching snowballs to zoom up to Gryffindor Tower and rap hard on the windows.  'Oi!' bellowed Ron, finally losing patience and sticking his head out of the window, 'I am a prefect and if one more snowball hits this window - OUCH!'  He withdrew his head sharply, his face covered in snow.  'It's Fred and George,' he said bitterly, slamming the window behind him. 'Gits . . .'  Hermione returned from Hagrid's just before lunch, shivering slightly, her robes damp to the knees.  'So?' said Ron, looking up when she entered. 'Got all his lessons planned for him?'  'Well, I tried,' she said dully, sinking into a chair beside Harry. She pulled out her wand and gave it a complicated little wave so that hot air streamed out of the tip	 she then pointed this at her robes, which began to steam as they dried out. 'He wasn't even there when I arrived, I was knocking for at least half an hour. And then he came stumping out of the Forest - '  Harry groaned. The Forbidden Forest was teeming with the kind of creatures most likely to get Hagrid the sack. 'What's he keeping in there? Did he say?' he asked.  'No,' said Hermione miserably. 'He says he wants them to be a surprise. I tried to explain about Umbridge, but he just doesn't get it. He kept saying nobody in their right mind would rather study Knarls than Chimaeras - oh, I don't think he's got a Chimaera,' she added at the appalled look on Harry and Ron's faces, 'but that's not for lack of trying, from what he said about how hard it is to get eggs. I don't know how many times I told him he'd be better off following Grubbly-Plank's plan, I honestly don't think he listened to half of what I said. He's in a bit of a funny mood, you know. He still won't say how he got all those injuries.'  Hagrid's reappearance at the staff table at breakfast next day was not greeted by enthusiasm from all students. Some, like Fred, George and Lee, roared with delight and sprinted up the aisle between the Gryffindor and Hufflepuff tables to wring Hagrid's enormous hand	 others, like Parvati and Lavender, exchanged gloomy looks and shook their heads. Harry knew that many of them preferred Professor Grubbly-Planks lessons, and the worst of it was that a very small, unbiased part of him knew that they had good reason: Grubbly-Plank's idea of an interesting class was not one where there was a risk that somebody might have their head ripped off.  It was with a certain amount of apprehension that Harry, Ron and Hermione headed down to Hagrid's on Tuesday, heavily muffled against the cold. Harry was worried, not only about what Hagrid might have decided to teach them, but also about how the rest of the class, particularly Malfoy and his cronies, would behave if Umbridge was watching them.  However, the High Inquisitor was nowhere to be seen as they struggled through the snow towards Hagrid, who stood waiting for them on the edge of the Forest. He did not present a reassuring sight	 the bruises that had been purple on Saturday night were now tinged with green and yellow and some of his cuts still seemed to be bleeding. Harry could not understand this: had Hagrid perhaps been attacked by some creature whose venom prevented the wounds it inflicted from healing? As though to complete the ominous picture, Hagrid was carrying what looked like half a dead cow over his shoulder.  'We're workin' in here today!' Hagrid called happily to the approaching students, jerking his head back at the dark trees behind him. 'Bit more sheltered! Anyway, they prefer the dark.'  'What prefers the dark?' Harry heard Malfoy say sharply to Crabbe and Goyle, a trace of panic in his voice. 'What did he say prefers the dark - did you hear?'  Harry remembered the only other occasion on which Malfoy had entered the Forest before now	 he had not been very brave then, either. He smiled to himself	 after the Quidditch match anything that caused Malfoy discomfort was all right with him.  'Ready?' said Hagrid cheerfully, looking around at the class. 'Right, well, I've bin savin' a trip inter the Forest fer yer fifth year. Thought we'd go an' see these creatures in their natural habitat. Now, what we're studyin' today is pretty rare, I reckon I'm probably the on'y person in Britain who's managed ter train 'em.'  'And you're sure they're trained, are you?' said Malfoy, the panic in his voice even more pronounced. 'Only it wouldn't be the first time you'd brought wild stuff to class, would it?'  The Slytherins murmured agreement and a few Gryffindors looked as though they thought Malfoy had a fair point, too.  'Course they're trained,' said Hagrid, scowling and hoisting the dead cow a little higher on his shoulder.  'So what happened to your face, then?' demanded Malfoy.  'Mind yer own business!' said Hagrid, angrily. 'Now, if yeh've finished askin' stupid questions, follow me!'  He turned and strode straight into the Forest. Nobody seemed much disposed to follow. Harry glanced at Ron and Hermione, who sighed but nodded, and the three of them set off after Hagrid, leading the rest of the class.  They walked for about ten minutes until they reached a place where the trees stood so closely together that it was as dark as twilight and there was no snow at all on the ground. With a grunt, Hagrid deposited his half a cow on the ground, stepped back and turned to face his class, most of whom were creeping from tree to tree towards him, peering around nervously as though expecting to be set upon at any moment.  'Gather roun', gather roun',' Hagrid encouraged. 'Now, they'll be attracted by the smell o the meat but I'm going ter give em a call anyway, 'cause they'll like ter know it's me.'  He turned, shook his shaggy head to get the hair out of his face and gave an odd, shrieking cry that echoed through the dark trees like the call of some monstrous bird. Nobody laughed: most of them looked too scared to make a sound.  Hagrid gave the shrieking cry again. A minute passed in which the class continued to peer nervously over their shoulders and around trees for a first glimpse of whatever it was that was coming. And then, as Hagrid shook his hair back for a third lime and expanded his enormous chest, Harry nudged Ron and pointed into the black space between two gnarled yew trees.  A pair of blank, white, shining eyes were growing larger through the gloom and a moment later the dragonish face, neck and then skeletal body of a great, black, winged horse emerged from the darkness. It surveyed the class for a few seconds, swishing its long black tail, then bowed its head and began to tear flesh from the dead cow with its pointed fangs.  A great wave of relief broke over Harry. Here at last was proof that he had not imagined these creatures, that they were real: Hagrid knew about them too. He looked eagerly at Ron, but Ron was still staring around into the trees and after a few seconds he whispered, 'Why doesn't Hagrid call again?'  Most of the rest of the class were wearing expressions as confused and nervously expectant as Ron's and were still gazing everywhere but at the horse standing feet from them. There were only two other people who seemed to be able to see them: a stringy Slytherin boy standing just behind Goyle was watching the horse eating with an expression of great distaste on his face	 and Neville, whose eyes were following the swishing progress of the long black tail.  'Oh, an' here comes another one!' said Hagrid proudly, as a second black horse appeared out of the dark trees, folded its leathery-wings closer to its body and dipped its head to gorge on the meat. 'Now . . . put yer hands up, who can see 'em?'  Immensely pleased to feel that he was at last going to understand the mystery of these horses, Harry raised his hand. Hagrid nodded at him.  'Yeah . . . yeah, I knew you'd be able ter, Harry,' he said seriously. 'An' you too, Neville, eh? An' - '  'Excuse me,' said Malfoy in a sneering voice, 'but what exactly are we supposed to be seeing?'  For an answer, Hagrid pointed at the cow carcass on the ground. The whole class stared at it for a few seconds, then several people gasped and Parvati squealed. Harry understood why: bits of flesh stripping themselves away from the bones and vanishing into thin air had to look very odd indeed.  'What's doing it?' Parvati demanded in a terrified voice, retreating behind the nearest tree. 'What's eating it?'  Thestrals,' said Hagrid proudly and Hermione gave a soft 'Oh!' of comprehension at Harry's shoulder. 'Hogwarts has got a whole herd of 'em in here. Now, who knows - ?'  'But they're really, really unlucky!' interrupted Parvati, looking alarmed. They're supposed to bring all sorts of horrible misfortune on people who see them. Professor Trelawney told me once - '  'No, no, no,' said Hagrid, chuckling, 'tha's jus' superstition, that is, they aren' unlucky, they're dead clever an' useful! Course, this lot don' get a lot o' work, it's mainly jus' pullin' the school carriages unless Dumbledore's takin' a long journey an' don' want ter Apparate - an' here's another couple, look - '  Two more horses came quietly out of the trees, one of them passing very close to Parvati, who shivered and pressed herself closer to the tree, saying, 'I think I felt something, I think it's near me!'  'Don' worry, it won' hurt yeh,' said Hagrid patiently. 'Righ', now, who can tell me why some o' yeh can see 'em an' some can't?'  Hermione raised her hand.  'Go on then,' said Hagrid, beaming at her.  The only people who can see Thestrals,' she said, 'are people who have seen death.'  Tha's exactly right,' said Hagrid solemnly, 'ten points ter Gryffindor. Now, Thestrals - '  'Hem, hem.'  Professor Umbridge had arrived. She was standing a few feet away from Harry, wearing her green hat and cloak again, her clipboard at the ready. Hagrid. who had never heard Umbridge's fake cough before, was gazing in some concern at the closest Thestral, evidently under the impression that it had made the sound.  'Hem, hem.'  'Oh, hello!' Hagrid said, smiling, having located the source of the noise.  'You received the note I sent to your cabin this morning?' said Umbridge, in the same loud, slow voice she had used with him earlier, as though she were addressing somebody both foreign and very slow. Telling you that I would be inspecting your lesson?'  'Oh, yeah,' said Hagrid brightly. 'Glad yeh found the place all righ'! Well, as you can see - or, I dunno - can you? We're doin' Thestrals today - '  'I'm sorry?' said Professor Umbridge loudly, cupping her hand around her ear and frowning. 'What did you say?'  Hagrid looked a little confused.  'Er - Thestrals!' he said loudly. 'Big - er - winged horses, yeh know!'  He flapped his gigantic arms hopefully. Professor Umbridge raised her eyebrows at him and muttered as she made a note on her clipboard: 'Has . . . to . . . resort . . . to . . . crude . . . sign . . . language.'  'Well . . . anyway . . .' said Hagrid, turning back to the class and looking slightly flustered, 'erm . . . what was I sayin?'  'Appears . . . to . . . have . . . poor . . . short . . . term . . . memory,' muttered Umbridge, loudly enough for everyone to hear her. Draco Malfoy looked as though Christmas had come a month early	 Hermione, on the other hand, had turned scarlet with suppressed rage.  'Oh, yeah,' said Hagrid, throwing an uneasy glance at Umbridge's clipboard, but ploughing on valiantly. 'Yeah, I was gonna tell yeh how come we got a herd. Yeah, so, we started off with a male an' five females. This one,' he patted the first horse to have appeared, 'name o' Tenebrus, he's my special favourite, firs' one born here in the Forest - '  'Are you aware,' Umbridge said loudly, interrupting him, 'that the Ministry of Magic has classified Thestrals as dangerous?'  Harry's heart sank like a stone, but Hagrid merely chuckled.  Thestrals aren' dangerous! All righ', they might take a bite outta yeh if yeh really annoy them - '  'Shows . . . signs . . . of. . . pleasure . . . at . . . idea . . . of. . . violence,' muttered Umbridge, scribbling on her clipboard again.  'No - come on!' said Hagrid, looking a little anxious now. 'I mean, a dog'll bite if yeh bait it, won' it - but Thestrals have jus' got a bad reputation because o' the death thing - people used ter think they were bad omens, didn' they? Jus' didn' understand, did they?'  Umbridge did not answer	 she finished writing her last note, then looked up at Hagrid and said, again very loudly and slowly, 'Please continue teaching as usual. I am going to walk,' she mimed walking (Malfoy and Pansy Parkinson were having silent fits of laughter) 'among the students' (she pointed around at individual members of the class) 'and ask them questions.' She pointed at her mouth to indicate talking.  Hagrid stared at her, clearly at a complete loss to understand why she was acting as though he did not understand normal English. Hermione had tears of fury in her eyes now.  'You hag, you evil hag!' she whispered, as Umbridge walked towards Pansy Parkinson. 'I know what you're doing, you awiul, twisted, vicious - '  'Erm . . . anyway,' said Hagrid, clearly struggling to regain the flow of his lesson, 'so - Thestrals. Yeah. Well, there's loads o' good stuff abou' them . . .'  'Do you find,' said Professor Umbridge in a ringing voice to Pansy Parkinson, 'that you are able to understand Professor Hagrid when he talks?'  Just like Hermione, Pansy had tears in her eyes, but these were tears of laughter	 indeed, her answer was almost incoherent because she was trying to suppress her giggles.  'No . . . because . . . well . . . it sounds . . . like grunting a lot of the time . . .'  Umbridge scribbled on her clipboard. The few unbruised bits of Hagrid's face flushed, but he tried to act as though he had not heard Pansy's answer.  'Er . . . yeah . . . good stuff abou' Thestrals. Well, once they're tamed, like this lot, yeh'll never be lost again. 'Mazin' sense o' direction, jus' tell 'em where yeh want ter go - '  'Assuming they can understand you, of course,' said Malfoy loudly, and Pansy Parkinson collapsed in a fit of renewed giggles. Professor Umbridge smiled indulgently at them and then turned to Neville.  'You can see the Thestrals, Longbottom, can you?' she said.  Neville nodded.  'Who did you see die?' she asked, her tone indifferent.  'My . . . my grandad,' said Neville.  'And what do you think of them?' she said, waving her stubby hand at the horses, who by now had stripped a great deal of the carcass down to bone.  'Erm,' said Neville nervously, with a glance at Hagrid. 'Well, they're . . . er . . . OK . . .'  'Students . . . are . . . too . . . intimidated . . . to . . . admit . . . they . . . are . . . frightened,' muttered Umbridge, making another note on her clipboard.  'No!' said Neville, looking upset. 'No, I'm not scared of them!'  'It's quite all right,' said Umbridge, patting Neville on the shoulder with what she evidently intended to be an understanding smile, though it looked more like a leer to Harry. 'Well, Hagrid,' she turned to look up at him again, speaking once more in that loud, slow voice, 'I think I've got enough to be getting along with. You will receive' (she mimed taking something from the air in front of her) 'the results of your inspection' (she pointed at the clipboard) 'in ten days' time.' She held up ten stubby little fingers, then, her smile wider and more toadlike than ever before beneath her green hat, she bustled from their midst, leaving Malfoy and Pansy Parkinson in fits of laughter, Hermione actually shaking with fury and Neville looking confused and upset.  That foul, lying, twisting old gargoyle!' stormed Hermione half an hour later, as they made their way back up to the castle through the channels they had made earlier in the snow. 'You see what she's up to? It's her thing about half-breeds all over again - she's trying to make out Hagrid's some kind of dimwitted troll, just because he had a giantess for a mother - and. oh, it's not fair, that really wasn't a bad lesson at all - I mean, all right, if it had been Blast-Ended Skrewts again, but Thestrals are fine - in fact, for Hagrid, they're really good!'  'Umbridge said they're dangerous,' said Ron.  'Well, it's like Hagrid said, they can look after themselves,' said Hermione impatiently, 'and I suppose a teacher like Grubbly-Plank wouldn't usually show them to us before NEWT level, but, well, they are very interesting, aren't they? The way some people can see them and some can't! I wish I could.'  'Do you?' Harry asked her quietly.  She looked suddenly horrorstruck.  'Oh, Harry - I'm sorry - no, of course I don't - that was a really stupid thing to say.'  'It's OK,' he said quickly, 'don't worry'  'I'm surprised so many people could see them,' said Ron. 'Three in a class - '  'Yeah, Weasley, we were just wondering,' said a malicious voice. Unheard by any of them in the muffling snow, Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle were walking along right behind them. 'D'you reckon if you saw someone snuff it you'd be able to see the Quaffle better?'  He, Crabbe and Goyle roared with laughter as they pushed past on their way to the castle, then broke into a chorus of 'Weasley is our King'. Ron's ears turned scarlet.  'Ignore them, just ignore them,' intoned Hermione, pulling out her wand and performing the charm to produce hot air again, so that she could melt them an easier path through the untouched snow between them and the greenhouses.*December arrived, bringing with it more snow and a positive avalanche of homework for the fifth-years. Ron and Hermione's prefect duties also became more and more onerous as Christmas approached. They were called upon to supervise the decoration of the castle ('You try putting up tinsel when Peeves has got the other end and is trying to strangle you with it,' said Ron), to watch over first- and second-years spending their break-times inside because of the bitter cold ('And they're cheeky little snot-rags, you know, we definitely weren't that rude when we were in first year, said Ron) and to patrol the corridors in shifts with Argus Filch, who suspected that the holiday spirit might show itself in an outbreak of wizard duels ('He's got dung for brains, that one,' said Ron furiously). They were so busy that Hermione had even stopped knitting elf hats and was fretting that she was down to her last three.  'All those poor elves I haven't set free yet, having to stay here over Christmas because there aren't enough hats!'  Harry, who had not had the heart to tell her that Dobby was taking everything she made, bent lower over his History of Magic essay. In any case, he did not want to think about Christmas. For the first time in his school career, he very much wanted to spend the holidays away from Hogwarts. Between his Quidditch ban and worry about whether or not Hagrid was going to be put on probation, he felt highly resentful towards the place at the moment. The only thing he really looked forward to were the DA meetings, and they would have to stop over the holidays, as nearly everybody in the DA would be spending the time with their families. Hermione was going skiing with her parents, something that greatly amused Ron, who had never heard of Muggles strapping narrow strips of wood on to their feet to slide down mountains. Ron was going home to The Burrow. Harry endured several days of envy before Ron said, in response to Harry asking him how he was going to get home for Christmas: :But you're coming too! Didn't I say? Mum wrote and told me to invite you weeks ago!'  Hermione rolled her eyes, but Harry's spirits soared: the thought of Christmas at The Burrow was truly wonderful, though slightly marred by Harry's guilty feeling that he would not be able to spend the holiday with Sirius. He wondered whether he could possibly persuade Mrs Weasley to invite his godfather for the festivities. Even though he doubted whether Dumbledore would permit Sirius to leave Grimmauld Place anyway, he could not help but think Mrs Weasley might not want him	 they were so often at loggerheads. Sirius had not contacted Harry at all since his last appearance in the fire, and although Harry knew that with Umbridge on constant watch it would be unwise to attempt to contact him, he did not like to think of Sirius alone in his mother's old house, perhaps pulling a lonely cracker with Kreacher.  Harry arrived early in the Room of Requirement for the last DA meeting before the holidays and was very glad he had, because when the torches burst into flame he saw that Dobby had taken it upon himself to decorate the place for Christmas. He could tell the elf had done it, because nobody else would have strung a hundred golden baubles from the ceiling, each showing a picture of Harry's face and bearing the legend: 'HAVE A VERY HARRY CHRISTMAS!'  Harry had only just managed to get the last of them down before the door creaked open and Luna Lovegood entered, looking as dreamy as usual.  'Hello,' she said vaguely, looking around at what remained of the decorations. These are nice, did you put them up?'  'No,' said Harry, 'it was Dobby the house-elf.'  'Mistletoe,' said Luna dreamily, pointing at a large clump of white berries placed almost over Harry's head. He jumped out from under it. 'Good thinking,' said Luna very seriously. 'It's often infested with Nargles.'  Harry was saved the necessity of asking what Nargles are by the arrival of Angelina, Katie and Alicia. All three of them were breathless and looked very cold.  'Well,' said Angelina dully, pulling off her cloak and throwing it into a corner, 'we've finally replaced you.'  'Replaced me?' said Harry blankly.  You and Fred and George,' she said impatiently. 'We've got another Seeker!'  'Who?' said Harry quickly.  'Ginny Weasley,' said Katie.  Harry gaped at her.  'Yeah, I know,' said Angelina, pulling out her wand and flexing her arm, 'but she's pretty good, actually. Nothing on you, of course,' she said, throwing him a very dirty look, 'but as we can't have you . . .'  Harry bit back the retort he was longing to utter: did she imagine for a second that he did not regret his expulsion from the team a hundred times more than she did?  'And what about the Beaters? he asked, trying to keep his voice even.  'Andrew Kirke,' said Alicia without enthusiasm, 'and Jack Sloper. Neither of them are brilliant, but compared to the rest of the idiots who turned up . . .'  The arrival of Ron, Hermione and Neville brought this depressing discussion to an end, and within five minutes the room was full enough to prevent Harry seeing Angelina's burning, reproachful looks.  'OK,' he said, calling them all to order. 'I thought this evening we should just go over the things we've done so far, because it's the last meeting before the holidays and there's no poin: starting anything new right before a three-week break - '  'We're not doing anything new?' said Zacharias Smith, in a disgruntled whisper loud enough to carry through the room. 'If I'd known that, I wouldn't have come.'  'We're all really sorry Harry didn't tell you, then,' said Fred loudly.  Several people sniggered. Harry saw Cho laughing and felt the familiar swooping sensation in his stomach, as though he had missed a step going downstairs.  ' - we can practise in pairs,' said Harry. 'We'll start with the Impediment Jinx, for ten minutes, then we can get out the cushions and try Stunning again.'  They all divided up obediently	 Harry partnered Neville as usual. The room was soon full of intermittent cries of 'Impedimenta!' People froze for a minute or so, during which their partner would stare aimlessly around the room watching other pairs at work, then would unfreeze and take their turn at the jinx.  Neville had improved beyond all recognition. After a while, when Harry had unfrozen three times in a row, he had Neville join Ron and Hermione again so that he could walk around the room and watch the others. When he passed Cho she beamed at him	 he resisted the temptation to walk past her several more times.  After ten minutes on the Impediment Jinx, they laid out cushions all over the floor and started practising Stunning again. Space was really too confined to allow them all to work this spell at once	 half the group observed the others for a while, then swapped over.  Harry felt himself positively swelling with pride as he watched them all. True, Neville did Stun Padma Patil rather than Dean, at whom he had been aiming, but it was a much closer miss than usual, and everybody else had made enormous progress.  At the end of an hour, Harry called a halt.  'You're getting really good,' he said, beaming around at them. 'When we get back from the holidays we can start doing some of the big stuff - maybe even Patronuses.'  There was a murmur of excitement. The room began to clear in the usual twos and threes
Order of the Phoenix=St Mungo's Hosptialfor Magical Maladiesand InjuriesHarry was so relieved she was taking him seriously that he did not hesitate, hut jumped out of bed at once, pulled on his dressing gown and pushed his glasses back on to his nose.  'Weasley, you ought to come too,' said Professor McGonagall.  They followed Professor McGonagall past the silent figures of Neville, Dean and Seamus, out of the dormitory down the spiral stairs into the common room, through the portrait hole and off along the Fat Lady's moonlit corridor. Harry felt as though the panic inside him might spill over at any moment	 he wanted to run, to yell for Dumbledore	 Mr Weasley was bleeding as they walked along so sedately and what if those fangs (Harry tried hard not to think 'my fangs') had been poisonous? They passed Mrs Norris, who turned her lamplike eyes upon them and hissed faintly but Professor McGonagall said, 'Shoo!' Mrs Norris slunk away into the shadows, and in a few minutes they had reached the stone gargoyle guarding the entrance to Dumbledore s office.  'Fizzing Whizzbee,' said Professor McGonagall.  The gargoyle sprang to life and leapt aside	 the wall behind it split in two to reveal a stone staircase that was moving continually upwards like a spiral escalator. The three of them stepped on to the moving stairs	 the wall closed behind them with a thud and they were moving upwards in tight circles until they reached the highly polished oak door with the brass knocker shaped like a griffin.  Though it was now well past midnight there were voices coming  from inside the room, a positive babble of them. It sounded as though Dumbledore was entertaining at least a dozen people.  Professor McGonagall rapped three times with the griffin knocker and the voices ceased abruptly as though someone had switched them all off. The door opened of its own accord and Professor McGonagall led Harry and Ron inside.  The room was in half-darkness	 the strange silver instruments standing on tables were silent and still rather than whirring and emitting puffs of smoke as they usually did	 the portraits of old headmasters and headmistresses covering the walls were all snoozing in their frames. Behind the door, a magnificent red and gold bird the size of a swan dozed on its perch with its head under its wing.  'Oh, it's you, Professor McGonagall . . . and . . . ah.'  Dumbledore was sitting in a high-backed chair behind his desk	 he leaned forward into the pool of candlelight illuminating the papers laid out before him. He was wearing a magnificently embroidered purple and gold dressing gown over a snowy white nightshirt, but seemed wide-awake, his penetrating light blue eyes fixed intently upon Professor McGonagall.  'Professor Dumbledore, Potter has had a . . . well, a nightmare,' said Professor McGonagall. 'He says . . .'  'It wasn't a nightmare,' said Harry quickly.  Professor McGonagall looked round at Harry, frowning slightly.  'Very well, then, Potter, you tell the Headmaster about it.'  'I . . . well, I was asleep . . .' said Harry and, even in his terror and his desperation to make Dumbledore understand, he felt slightly irritated that the Headmaster was not looking at him, but examining his own interlocked fingers. 'But it wasn't an ordinary dream . . . it was real . . . I saw it happen . . .' He took a deep breath, 'Ron's dad - Mr Weasley - has been attacked by a giant snake.'  The words seemed to reverberate in the air after he had said them, sounding slightly ridiculous, even comic. There was a pause in which Dumbledore leaned back and stared meditatively at the ceiling. Ron looked from Harry to Dumbledore, white-faced and shocked.  'How did you see this?' Dumbledore asked quietly, still not looking at Harry.  'Well . . . I don't know,' said Harry, rather angrily - what did it matter? 'Inside my head, I suppose - '  'You misunderstand me,' said Dumbledore, still in the same calm tone. 'I mean . . . can you remember - er - where you were positioned as you watched this attack happen? Were you perhaps standing beside the victim, or else looking down on the scene from above?'  This was such a curious question that Harry gaped at Dumbledore	 it was almost as though he knew . . .  'I was the snake,' he said. 'I saw it all from the snake's point of view.'  Nobody else spoke for a moment, then Dumbledore, now looking at Ron who was still whey-faced, asked in a new and sharper voice, 'Is Arthur seriously injured?'  'Yes,' said Harry emphatically - why were they all so slow on the uptake, did they not realise how much a person bled when fangs that long pierced their side? And why could Dumbledore not do him the courtesy of looking at him?  But Dumbledore stood up, so quickly it made Harry jump, and addressed one of the old portraits hanging very near the ceiling. 'Everard?' he said sharply. 'And you too, Dilys!'  A sallow-faced wizard with a short black fringe and an elderly witch with long silver ringlets in the frame beside him, both of whom seemed to have been in the deepest of sleeps, opened their eyes immediately.  'You were listening?' said Dumbledore.  The wizard nodded	 the witch said, 'Naturally.'  The man has red hair and glasses,' said Dumbledore. 'Everard, you will need to raise the alarm, make sure he is found by the right people - '  Both nodded and moved sideways out of their frames, but instead of emerging in neighbouring pictures (as usually happened at Hogwarts) neither reappeared. One frame now contained nothing but a backdrop of dark curtain, the other a handsome leather arm-el air. Harry noticed that many of the other headmasters and mistresses on the walls, though snoring and drooling most convincingly, kept sneaking peeks at him from under their eyelids, and he suddenly understood who had been talking when they had knocked.  'Everard and Dilys were two of Hogwartss most celebrated Heads,' Dumbledore said, now sweeping around Harry, Ron and Professor McGonagall to approach the magnificent sleeping bird on his perch beside the door. 'Their renown is such that both have portraits hanging in other important wizarding institutions. As they are free to move between their own portraits, they can tell us what may be happening elsewhere . . .'  'But Mr Weasley could be anywhere!' said Harry.  'Please sit down, all three of you,' said Dumbledore, as though Harry had not spoken, 'Everard and Dilys may not be back for several minutes. Professor McGonagall, if you could draw up extra chairs.'  Professor McGonagall pulled her wand from the pocket of her dressing gown and waved it	 three chairs appeared out of thin air, straight-backed and wooden, quite unlike the comfortable chintz armchairs that Dumbledore had conjured up at Harry's hearing. Harry sat down, watching Dumbledore over his shoulder. Dumbledore was now stroking Fawkes's plumed golden head with one finger. The phoenix awoke immediately. He stretched his beautiful head high and observed Dumbledore through bright, dark eyes.  'We will need,' Dumbledore said very quietly to the bird, 'a warning.'  There was a flash of fire and the phoenix had gone.  Dumbledore now swooped down upon one of the fragile silver instruments whose function Harry had never known, carried it over to his desk, sat down facing them again and tapped it gently with the tip of his wand.  The instrument tinkled into life at once with rhythmic clinking noises. Tiny puffs of pale green smoke issued from the minuscule silver tube at the top. Dumbledore watched the smoke closely, his brow furrowed. After a few seconds, the tiny puffs became a steady stream of smoke that thickened and coiled in the air . . . a serpent's head grew out of the end of it, opening its mouth wide. Harry wondered whether the instrument was confirming his story: he looked eagerly at Dumbledore for a sign that he was right, but Dumbledore did not look up.  'Naturally, naturally,' murmured Dumbledore apparently to himself, still observing the stream of smoke without the slightest sign of surprise. 'But in essence divided?'  Harry could make neither head nor tail of this question. The smoke serpent, however, split itself instantly into two snakes, both coiling and undulating in the dark air. With a look of grim satisfaction, Dumbledore gave the instrument another gentle tap with h.s wand: the clinking noise slowed and died and the smoke serpents grew faint, became a formless haze and vanished.  Dumbledore replaced the instrument on its spindly little table. Harry saw many of the old headmasters in the portraits follow him with their eyes, then, realising that Harry was watching them, hastily pretend to be sleeping again. Harry wanted to ask what the strange silver instrument was for, but before he could do so, there was a shout from the top of the wall to their right	 the wizard called Everard had reappeared in his portrait., panting slightly.  'Dumbledore!'  'What news?' said Dumbledore at once.  'I yelled until someone came running,' said the wizard, who was mopping his brow on the curtain behind him, 'said I'd heard something moving downstairs - they weren't sure whether to believe me but went down to check - you know there are no portraits down there to watch from. Anyway, they carried him up a few minutes later. He doesn't look good, he's covered in blood, I ran along to Elfrida Cragg's portrait to get a good view as they left - '  'Good,' said Dumbledore as Ron made a convulsive movement. 'I take it Dilys will have seen him arrive, then - '  And moments later, the silver-ringleted witch had reappeared in her picture, too	 she sank, coughing, into her armchair and said, Yes, they've taken him to St Mungo's, Dumbledore . . . they carried him past my portrait . . . he looks bad . . .  'Thank you,' said Dumbledore. He looked round at Professor McGonagall.  'Minerva, I need you to go and wake the other Weasley children.'  'Of course . . .'  Professor McGonagall got up and moved swiftly to the door. Harry cast a sideways glance at Ron, who was looking terrified.  And Dumbledore - what about Molly? said Professor McGonagall, pausing at the door.  That will be a job for Fawkes when he has finished keeping a lookout for anybody approaching,' said Dumbledore. 'But she may already know . . . that excellent clock of hers . . .'  Harry knew Dumbledore was referring to the clock that told, not the time, but the whereabouts and conditions of the various Weasley family members, and with a pang he thought that Mr Weasley's hand must, even now, be pointing at mortal peril. But it was very late. Mrs Weasley was probably asleep, not watching the clock. Harry felt cold as he remembered Mrs Weasley's Boggart turning into Mr Weasley's lifeless body, his glasses askew, blood running down his face . . . but Mr Weasley wasn't going to die . . . he couldn't . . .  Dumbledore was now rummaging in a cupboard behind Harry and Ron. He emerged from it carrying a blackened old kettle, which he placed carefully on his desk. He raised his wand and murmured, 'Portus!' For a moment the kettle trembled, glowing with an odd blue light	 then it quivered to rest, as solidly black as ever.  Dumbledore marched over to another portrait, this time of a clever-looking wizard with a pointed beard, who had been painted wearing the Slytherin colours of green and silver and was apparently sleeping so deeply that he could not hear Dumbledore's voice when he attempted to rouse him.  'Phineas. Phineas.'  The subjects of the portraits lining the room were no longer pretending to be asleep
Order of the Phoenix=Christmas on the Closed WardWas this why Dumbledore would no longer meet Harry's eyes? Did he expect to see Voldemort staring out of them, afraid, perhaps, that their vivid green might turn suddenly to scarlet, with catlike slits for pupils? Harry remembered how the snakelike face of Voldemort had once forced itself out of the back of Professor Quirrell's head and ran his hand over the back of his own, wondering what it would feel like if Voldemort burst out of his skull.  He felt dirty, contaminated, as though he were carrying some deadly germ, unworthy to sit on the Underground train back from the hospital with innocent, clean people whose minds and bodies were free of the taint of Voldemort . . . he had not merely seen the snake, he had been the snake, he knew it now . . .  A truly terrible thought then occurred to him, a memory bobbing to the surface of his mind, one that made his insides writhe and squirm like serpents.  What's he after, apart from followers?  Stuff he can only get by stealth . . . like a weapon. Something he didn't have last time.  I'm the weapon, Harry thought, and it was as though poison were pumping through his veins, chilling him, bringing him out in a sweat as he swayed with the train through the dark tunnel. I'm the one Voldemort's trying to use, that's why they've got guards around me everywhere I go, it's not for my protection, it's for other people's, only it's not working, they can't have someone on me all the time at Hogwarts . . . I did attack Mr Weasley last night, it was me. Voldemort made me do it and he could be inside me, listening to my thoughts right now - '  'Are you all right, Harry, dear?' whispered Mrs Weasley, leaning across Ginny to speak to him as the train rattled along through its dark tunnel. 'You don't look very well. Are you feeling sick?'  They were all watching him. He shook his head violently and stared up at an advertisement for home insurance.  'Harry, dear, are you sure you're all right?' said Mrs Weasley in a worried voice, as they walked around the unkempt patch of grass in the middle of Grimmauld Place. 'You look ever so pale . . . are you sure you slept this morning? You go upstairs to bed right now and you can have a couple of hours of sleep before dinner, all right?'  He nodded	 here was a ready-made excuse not to talk to any of the others, which was precisely what he wanted, so when she opened the front door he hurried straight past the trolls-leg umbrella stand, up the stairs and into his and Ron's bedroom.  Here, he began to pace up and down, past the two beds and Phineas Nigellus's empty picture frame, his brain teeming and seething with questions and ever more dreadful ideas.  How had he become a snake? Perhaps he was an Animagus . . . no, he couldn't be, he would know . . . perhaps Voldemort was an Animagus . . . yes, thought Harry, that would fit, he would turn into a snake of course . . . and when he's possessing me, then we both transform . . . that still doesn't explain how I got to London and back to my bed in the space of about five minutes . . . but then Voldemort's about the most powerful wizard in the world, apart from Dumbledore, it's probably no problem at all to him to transport people like that.  And then, with a terrible stab of panic, he thought, but this is insane - if Voldemort's possessing me, I'm giving him a clear view into the Headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix right now! He'll know who's in the Order and where Sirius is . . . and I've heard loads of stuff I shouldn't have, everything Sirius told me the first night I was here . . .  There was only one thing for it: he would have to leave Grimmauld Place straightaway. He would spend Christmas at Hogwarts without the others, which would keep them sate over the holidays at least . . . but no, that wouldn't do, there were still plenty of people at Hogwarts to maim and injure. What if it was Seamus, Dean or Neville next time? He stopped his pacing and stood staring at Phineas Nigellus's empty frame. A leaden sensation was settling in the pit of his stomach. He had no alternative: he was going to have to return to Privet Drive, cut himself off from other wizards entirely.  Well, if he had to do it, he thought, there was no point hanging around. Trying with all his might not to think how the Dursleys were going to react when they found him on their doorstep six months earlier than they had expected, he strode over to his trunk, slammed the lid shut and locked it, then glanced around automatically for Hedwig before remembering that she was still at Hogwarts - well, her cage would be one less thing to carry - he seized one end of his trunk and had dragged it halfway towards the door when a snide voice said, 'Running away, are we?'  He looked around. Phineas Nigellus had appeared on the canvas of his portrait and was leaning against the frame, watching Harry with an amused expression on his face.  'Not running away, no,' said Harry shortly, dragging his trunk a few more feet across the room.  'I thought,' said Phineas Nigellus, stroking his pointed beard, 'that to belong in Gryffindor house you were supposed to be brave? It looks to me as though you would have been better off in my own house. We Slytherins are brave, yes, but not stupid. For instance, given the choice, we will always choose to save our own necks.'  'It's not my own neck I'm saving,' said Harry tersely, tugging the trunk over a patch of particularly uneven, moth-eaten carpet right in front of the door.  'Oh, I see,' said Phineas Nigellus, still stroking his beard, 'this is no cowardly flight - you are being noble.'  Harry ignored him. His hand was on the doorknob when Phineas Nigellus said lazily, 'I have a message for you from Albus Dumbledore.'  Harry span round.  'What is it?'  ' Stay where you are. '  'I haven't moved!' said Harry, his hand still upon the doorknob. 'So what's the message?'  'I have just given it to you, dolt,' said Phineas Nigellus smoothly. 'Dumbledore says, Stay where you are. '  'Why?' said Harry eagerly, dropping the end of his trunk. 'Why does he want me to stay? What else did he say?'  'Nothing whatsoever,' said Phineas Nigellus, raising a thin black eyebrow as though he found Harry impertinent.  Harry's temper rose to the surface like a snake rearing from long grass. He was exhausted, he was confused beyond measure, he had experienced terror, relief, then terror again in the last twelve hours, and still Dumbledore did not want to talk to him!  'So that's it, is it?' he said loudly. ' Stay where you are? That's all anyone could tell me after I got attacked by those Dementors, loo! Just stay put while the grown-ups sort it out, Harry! We won't bother telling you anything, though, because your tiny little brain might not be able to cope with it!'  'You know,' said Phineas Nigellus, even more loudly than Harry, 'this is precisely why I loathed being a teacher! Young people are so infernally convinced that they are absolutely right about everything. Has it not occurred to you, my poor puffed-up popinjay, that there might be an excellent reason why the Headmaster of Hogwarts is not confiding every tiny detail of his plans to you? Have you never paused, while feeling hard-done-by, to note that following Dumbledore's orders has never yet led you into harm? No. No, like all young people, you are quite sure that you alone feel and think, you alone recognise danger, you alone are the only one clever enough to realise what the Dark Lord may be planning - '  'He is planning something to do with me, then?' said Harry swiftly.  'Did I say that?' said Phineas Nigellus, idly examining his silk gloves. 'Now, if you will excuse me, I have better things to do than listen to adolescent agonising . . . good-day to you.'  And he strolled to the edge of his frame and out of sight.  'Fine, go then!' Harry bellowed at the empty frame. 'And tell Dumbledore thanks for nothing!'  The empty canvas remained silent. Fuming, Harry dragged his trunk back to the foot of his bed, then threw himself face down on the moth-eaten covers, his eyes shut, his body heavy and aching.  He felt as though he had journeyed for miles and miles . . . it seemed impossible that less than twenty-four hours ago Cho Chang had been approaching him under the mistletoe . . . he was so tired . . . he was scared to sleep . . . yet he did not know how long he could fight it . . . Dumbledore had told him to stay . . . that must mean he was allowed to sleep . . . but he was scared . . . what if it happened again?  He was sinking into shadows . . .  It was as though a film in his head had been waiting to start. He was walking down a deserted corridor towards a plain black door, past rough stone walls, torches, and an open doorway on to a flight of stone steps leading downstairs on the left . . .  He reached the black door but could not open it. . . he stood gazing at it, desperate for entry . . . something he wanted with all his heart lay beyond . . . a prize beyond his dreams . . . if only his scar would stop prickling . . . then he would be able to think more clearly . . .  'Harry,' said Ron's voice, from far, far away, 'Mum says dinners ready, but she'll save you something if you want to stay in bed.'  Harry opened his eyes, but Ron had already left the room.  He doesn't want to be on his own with me, Harry thought. Not after what he heard Moody say.  He supposed none of them would want him there any more, now that they knew what was inside him.  He would not go down to dinner	 he would not inflict his company on them. He turned over on to his other side and, after a while, dropped back off to sleep. He woke much later, in the early hours of the morning, his insides aching with hunger and Ron snoring in the next bed. Squinting around the room, he saw the dark outline of Phineas Nigellus standing again in his portrait and it occurred to Harry that Dumbledore had probably sent Phineas Nigellus to watch over him, in case he attacked somebody else.  The feeling of being unclean intensified. He half-wished he had not obeyed Dumbledore . . . if this was how life was going to be for him in Grimmauld Place from now on, maybe he would be better off in Privet Drive after all.*Everybody else spent the following morning putting up Christmas decorations. Harry could not remember Sirius ever being in such a good mood	 he was actually singing carols, apparently delighted that he was to have company over Christmas. Harry could hear his voice echoing up through the floor in the cold drawing room where he was sitting alone, watching the sky growing whiter outside the windows, threatening snow, all the time feeling a savage pleasure that he was giving the others the opportunity to keep talking about him, as they were bound to be doing. When he heard Mrs Weasley calling his name softly up the stairs around lunchtime, he retreated further upstairs and ignored her.  Around six o'clock in the evening the doorbell rang and Mrs Black started screaming again. Assuming that Mundungus or some other Order member had come to call, Harry merely settled himself more comfortably against the wall of Buckbeak's room where he was hiding, trying to ignore how hungry he felt as he fed dead rats to the Hippogriff. It came as a slight shock when somebody hammered hard on the door a few minutes later.  'I know you're in there,' said Hermione's voice. 'Will you please come out? I want to talk to you.'  'What are you doing here?' Harry asked her, pulling open the door as Buckbeak resumed his scratching at the straw-strewn floor for any fragments of rat he may have dropped. 'I thought you were skiing with your mum and dad?'  'Well, to tell the truth, skiing's not really my thing,' said Hermione. 'So, I've come here for Christmas.' There was snow in her hair and her face was pink with cold. 'But don t tell Ron. I told him skiing's really good because he kept laughing so much. Mum and Dad are a bit disappointed, but I've told them that everyone who is serious about the exams is staying at Hogwarts to study. They want me to do well, they'll understand. Anyway,' she said briskly, 'let's go to your bedroom, Ron's mum has lit a fire in there and she's sent up sandwiches.'  Harry followed her back to the second floor. When he entered the bedroom, he was rather surprised to see both Ron and Ginny waiting for them, sitting on Ron's bed.  'I came on the Knight Bus,' said Hermione airily, pulling off her jacket before Harry had time to speak. 'Dumbledore told me what had happened first thing this morning, but I had to wait for term to end officially before setting off. Umbridge is already livid that you lot disappeared right under her nose, even though Dumbledore told her Mr Weasley was in St Mungo's and he'd given you all permission to visit. So . . .'  She sat down next to Ginny, and the two girls and Ron all looked up at Harry.  'How're you feeling?' asked Hermione.  'Fine,' said Harry stiffly.  'Oh, don't lie, Harry,' she said impatiently. 'Ron and Ginny say you've been hiding from everyone since you got back from St Mungo's.'  They do, do they?' said Harry, glaring at Ron and Ginny. Ron looked down at his feet but Ginny seemed quite unabashed.  'Well, you have!' she said. 'And you won't look at any of us!'  'It's you lot who won't look at me!' said Harry angrily.  'Maybe you're taking it in turns to look, and keep missing each other,' suggested Hermione, the corners of her mouth twitching.  'Very funny,' snapped Harry, turning away.  'Oh, stop feeling all misunderstood,' said Hermione sharply. 'Look, the others have told me what you overheard last night on the Extendable Ears - '  'Yeah?' growled Harry, his hands deep in his pockets as he watched the snow now falling thickly outside. 'All been talking about me, have you? Well, I'm getting used to it.'  'We wanted to talk to you, Harry' said Ginny, 'but as you've been hiding ever since we got back - '  'I didn't want anyone to talk to me,' said Harry, who was feeling more and more nettled.  'Well, that was a bit stupid of you,' said Ginny angrily, 'seeing as you don't know anyone but me who's been possessed by You-Know-Who, and I can tell you how it feels.'  Harry remained quite still as the impact of these words hit him. Then he wheeled round.  'I forgot,' he said.  'Lucky you,' said Ginny coolly.  Tin sorry,' Harry said, and he meant it. 'So . . . so, do you think I'm being possessed, then?'  'Well, can you remember everything you've been doing?' Ginny asked. 'Are there big blank periods where you don't know what you've been up to?'  Harry racked his brains.  'No,' he said.  Then You-Know-Who hasn't ever possessed you,' said Ginny simply. 'When he did it to me, I couldn't remember what I'd been doing for hours at a time. I'd find myself somewhere and not know how I got there.'  Harry hardly dared believe her, yet his heart was lightening almost in spite of himself.  'That dream I had about your dad and the snake, though - '  'Harry, you've had these dreams before,' Hermione said. 'You had flashes of what Voldemort was up to last year.'  This was different,' said Harry, shaking his head. T was inside that snake. It was like I was the snake . . . what if Voldemort somehow transported me to London - ?'  'One day,' said Hermione, sounding thoroughly exasperated, 'you'll read Hogwarts: A History, and perhaps it will remind you that you can't Apparate or Disapparaie inside Hogwarts. Even Voldemort couldn't just make you fly out of your dormitory, Harry.'  'You didn't leave your bed, male,' said Ron. T saw you thrashing around in your sleep for at least a minute before we could wake you up.'  Harry started pacing up and down the room again, thinking. What they were all saying was not only comforting, it made sense . . . without really thinking, he took a sandwich from the plate on the bed and crammed it hungrily into his mouth.  I'm not the weapon after all, thought Harry. His heart swelled with happiness and relief, and he felt like joining in as they heard  Sirius tramping past their door towards Buckbeaks room, singing 'God Rest Ye, Merry Hippogriffs' at the top of his voice.*How could he have dreamed of returning to Privet Drive for Christmas? Sirius's delight at having the house full again, and especially at having Harry back, was infectious. He was no longer their sullen host of the summer	 now he seemed determined that everyone should enjoy themselves as much, if not more than they would have done at Hogwarts, and he worked tirelessly in the run-up to Christmas Day, cleaning and decorating with their help, so that by the time they all went to bed on Christmas Eve the house was barely recognisable. The tarnished chandeliers were no longer hung with cobwebs but with garlands of holly and gold and silver streamers	 magical snow glittered in heaps over the threadbare carpets	 a great Christmas tree, obtained by Mundungus and decorated with live fairies, blocked Sirius's family tree from view, and even the stuffed elf-heads on the hall wall wore Father Christmas hats and beards.  Harry awoke on Christmas morning to find a stack of presents at the foot of his bed and Ron already halfway through opening his own, rather larger, pile.  'Good haul this year,' he informed Harry through a cloud of paper. Thanks for the Broom Compass, it's excellent	 beats Hermione's - she got me a homework planner - '  Harry sorted through his presents and found one with Hermione's handwriting on it. She had given him, too, a book that resembled a diary except that every time he opened a page it said aloud things like: 'Do it today or later you'll pay!'  Sirius and Lupin had given Harry a set of excellent books entitled Practical Defensive Magic and its Use Against the Dark Arts, which had superb, moving colour illustrations of all the counter-jinxes and hexes it described. Harry flicked through the first volume eagerly	 he could see it was going to be highly useful in his plans for the DA. Hagrid had sent a furry brown wallet that had fangs, which were presumably supposed to be an anti-theft device, but unfortunately prevented Harry putting any money in without getting his fingers ripped off. Tonks's present was a small, working model of a Firebolt, which Harry watched fly around the room, wishing he still had his full-size version	 Ron had given him an enormous box of Every-Flavour Beans, Mr and Mrs Weasley the usual hand-knitted jumper and some mince pies, and Dobby a truly dreadful painting that Harry suspected had been done by the elf himself. He had just turned it upside-down to see whether it looked better that way when, with a loud crack, Fred and George Apparated at the foot of his bed.  'Merry Christmas,' said George. 'Don't go downstairs for a bit.'  'Why not?' said Ron.  'Mum's crying again,' said Fred heavily. 'Percy sent back his Christmas jumper.'  'Without a note,' added George. 'Hasn't asked how Dad is or visited him or anything.'  'We tried to comfort her,' said Fred, moving around the bed to look at Harry's portrait. Told her Percy's nothing more than a humungous pile of rat droppings.'  'Didn't work,' said George, helping himself to a Chocolate Frog. 'So Lupin took over. Best let him cheer her up before we go down for breakfast, I reckon.'  'What's that supposed to be, anyway?' asked Fred, squinting at Dobbys painting. 'Looks like a gibbon with two black eyes.'  'It's Harry!' said George, pointing at the back of the picture, 'says so on the back!'  'Good likeness,' said Fred, grinning. Harry threw his new homework diary at him	 it hit the wall opposite and fell to the floor where it said happily: 'If you've dotted the is and crossed the ts then you may do whatever you please!'  They got up and dressed. They could hear the various inhabitants of the house calling 'Merry Christmas' to one another. On their way downstairs they met Hermione.  Thanks for the book, Harry,' she said happily. 'I've been wanting that New Theory of Numerology for ages! And that perfume's really unusual, Ron.'  'No problem,' said Ron. 'Who's that for, anyway?' he added, nodding at the neatly wrapped present she was carrying.  'Kreacher,' said Hermione brightly.  'It had better not be clothes!' Ron warned her. 'You know what Sirius said: Kreacher knows too much, we can't set him free!'  'It isn't clothes,' said Hermione, 'although if I had my way I'd certainly give him something to wear other than that filthy old rag. No, it's a patchwork quilt, I thought it would brighten up his bedroom.'  'What bedroom?' said Harry, dropping his voice to a whisper as they were passing the portrait of Sirius's mother.  'Well, Sirius says it's not so much a bedroom, more a kind of - 'den,' said Hermione. 'Apparently he sleeps under the boiler in that cupboard off the kitchen.'  Mrs Weasley was the only person in the basement when they arrived there. She was standing at the stove and sounded as though she had a bad head cold as she wished them 'Merry Christmas', and they all averted their eyes.  'So, is this Kreacher's bedroom?' said Ron, strolling over to a dingy door in the corner opposite the pantry. Harry had never seen it open.  'Yes,' said Hermione, now sounding a little nervous. 'Er . . . I think we'd better knock.'  Ron rapped on the door with his knuckles but there was no reply.  'He must be sneaking around upstairs,' he said, and without further ado pulled open the door. 'Urgh!'  Harry peered inside. Most of the cupboard was taken up with a very large and old-fashioned boiler, but in the foot of space underneath the pipes Kreacher had made himself something that looked like a nest. A jumble of assorted rags and smelly old blankets were piled on the floor and the small dent in the middle of it showed where Kreacher curled up to sleep every night. Here and there among the material were stale bread crusts and mouldy old bits of cheese. In a far corner glinted small objects and coins that Harry guessed Kreacher had saved, magpie-like, from Sirius's purge of the house, and he had also managed to retrieve the silver-framed family photographs that Sirius had thrown away over the summer. Their glass might be shattered, but still the little black-and-white people inside them peered up at him haughtily, including - he felt a little jolt in his stomach - the dark, heavy-lidded woman whose trial he had witnessed in Dumbledore's Pensieve: Bellatrix Lestrange. By the looks of it, hers was Kreachers favourite photograph	 he had placed it to the fore of all the others and had mended the glass clumsily with Spellotape.  'I think I'll just leave his present here,' said Hermione, laying the package neatly in the middle of the depression in the rags and blankets and closing the door quietly. 'He'll find it later, that'll be fine.'  'Come to think of it,' said Sirius, emerging from the pantry carrying a large turkey as they closed the cupboard door, 'has anyone actually seen Kreacher lately?'  'I haven't seen him since the night we came back here,' said Harry. 'You were ordering him out of the kitchen.'  'Yeah . . .' said Sirius, frowning. 'You know, I think that's the last time I saw him, too . . . he must be hiding upstairs somewhere.'  'He couldn't have left, could he?' said Harry. 'I mean, when you said out, maybe he thought you meant get out of the house?'  'No, no, house-elves can't leave unless they're given clothes. They're tied to their family's house,' said Sirius.  They can leave the house if they really want to,' Harry contradicted him. 'Dobby did, he left the Malfoy's' to give me warnings two years ago. He had to punish himself afterwards, but he still managed it.'  Sirius looked slightly disconcerted for a moment, then said, 'I'll look for him later, I expect I'll find him upstairs crying his eyes out over my mother's old bloomers or something. Of course, he might have crawled into the airing cupboard and died . . . but I mustn't get my hopes up.'  Fred, George and Ron laughed	 Hermione, however, looked reproachful.  Once they had eaten their Christmas lunch, the Weasleys, Harry a:id Hermione were planning to pay Mr Weasley another visit, escorted by Mad-Eye and Lupin. Mundungus turned up in time for Christmas pudding and trifle, having managed to 'borrow' a car for the occasion, as the Underground did not run on Christmas Day. The car, which Harry doubted very much had been taken with the consent of its owner, had been enlarged with a spell like the Weasleys' old Ford Anglia had once been. Although normally proportioned outside, ten people with Mundungus driving were able to fit into it quite comfortably. Mrs Weasley hesitated before getting inside - Harry knew her disapproval of Mundungus was battling with her dislike of travelling without magic - but, finally, the cold outside and her children's pleading triumphed, and she settled herself into the back seat between Fred and Bill with good grace.  The journey to St Mungo's was quite quick as there was very little traffic on the roads. A small trickle of witches and wizards was creeping furtively up the otherwise deserted street to visit the hospital. Harry and the others got out of the car, and Mundungus drove off around the corner to wait for them. They strolled casually towards the window where the dummy in green nylon stood, then, one by one, stepped through the glass.  The reception area looked pleasantly festive: the crystal orbs that illuminated St Mungo's had been coloured red and gold to become gigantic, glowing Christmas baubles	 holly hung around every doorway
Order of the Phoenix=OcclumencyKreacher, it transpired, had been lurking in the attic. Sirius said he had found him up there, covered in dust, no doubt looking for more relics of the Black family to hide in his cupboard. Though Sirius seemed satisfied with this story, it made Harry uneasy. Kreacher seemed to be in a better mood on his reappearance, his bitter muttering had subsided somewhat and he submitted to orders more docilely than usual, though once or twice Harry caught the house-elf staring at him avidly, but always looking quickly away whenever he saw that Harry had noticed.  Harry did not mention his vague suspicions to Sirius, whose cheerfulness was evaporating fast now that Christmas was over. As the date of their departure back to Hogwarts drew nearer, he became more and more prone to what Mrs Weasley called 'fits of the sullens', in which he would become taciturn and grumpy, often withdrawing to Buckbeak's room for hours at a time. His gloom seeped through the house, oozing under doorways like some noxious gas, so that all of them became infected by it.  Harry didn't want to leave Sirius again with only Kreacher for company	 in fact, for the first time in his life, he was not looking forward to returning to Hogwarts. Going back to school would mean placing himself once again under the tyranny of Dolores Umbridge, who had no doubt managed to force through another dozen decrees in their absence	 there was no Quidditch to look forward to now that he had been banned, there was every likelihood that their burden of homework would increase as the exams drew even nearer	 and Dumbledore remained as remote as ever. In fact, if it hadn't been for the DA, Harry thought he might have begged Sirius to let him leave Hogwarts and remain in Grimmauld Place.  Then, on the very last day of the holidays, something happened that made Harry positively dread his return to school.  'Harry, dear,' said Mrs Weasley poking her head into his and Ron's bedroom, where the pair of them were playing wizard chess watched by Hermione, Ginny and Crookshanks, 'could you come down to the kitchen? Professor Snape would like a word with you.'  Harry did not immediately register what she had said	 one of his castles was engaged in a violent tussle with a pawn of Ron's and he was egging it on enthusiastically.  'Squash him - squash him, he's only a pawn, you idiot. Sorry, Mrs Weasley, what did you say?'  'Professor Snape, dear. In the kitchen. He'd like a word.'  Harry's mouth fell open in horror. He looked around at Ron, Hermione and Ginny, all of whom were gaping back at him. Crookshanks, whom Hermione had been restraining with difficulty for the past quarter of an hour, leapt gleefully on to the board and set the pieces running for cover, squealing at the top of their voices.  'Snape?' said Harry blankly.  'Professor Snape, dear,' said Mrs Weasley reprovingly. 'Now come on, quickly, he says he can't stay long.'  'What's he want with you?' said Ron, looking unnerved as Mrs Weasley withdrew from the room. 'You haven't done anything, have you?'  'No!' said Harry indignantly, racking his brains to think what he could have done that would make Snape pursue him to Grimmauld Place. Had his last piece of homework perhaps earned a 'T'?  A minute or two later, he pushed open the kitchen door to find Sirius and Snape both seated at the long kitchen table, glaring in opposite directions. The silence between them was heavy with mutual dislike. A letter lay open on the table in front of Sirius.  'Er,' said Harry, to announce his presence.  Snape looked around at him, his face framed between curtains of greasy black hair.  'Sit down, Potter.'  'You know,' said Sirius loudly, leaning back on his rear chair legs and speaking to the ceiling, 'I think I'd prefer it if you didn't give orders here, Snape. It's my house, you see.'  An ugly flush suffused Snape's pallid face. Harry sat down in a chair beside Sirius, facing Snape across the table.  'I was supposed to see you alone, Potter,' said Snape, the familiar sneer curling his mouth, 'but Black - '  'I'm his godfather,' said Sirius, louder than ever.  'I am here on Dumbledore's orders.' said Snape, whose voice, by contrast, was becoming more and more quietly waspish, 'but by all means stay, Black, I know you like lo feel . . . involved.'  'What's that supposed to mean?' said Sirius, letting his chair fall back on to all four legs with a loud bang.  'Merely that I am sure you must feel - ah - frustrated by the fact that you can do nothing useful,' Snape laid a delicate stress on the word, 'for the Order.'  It was Sirius's turn to flush. Snape's lip curled in triumph as he turned to Harry.  The Headmaster has sent me to tell you, Potter, that it is his wish for you to study Occlumency this term.'  'Study what?' said Harry blankly.  Snape's sneer became more pronounced.  'Occlumency, Potter. The magical defence of the mind against external penetration. An obscure branch of magic, but a highly useful one.'  Harry's heart began to pump very fast indeed. Defence against external penetration? But he was not being possessed, they had all agreed on that . . .  'Why do I have to study Occlu - thing?' he blurted out.  'Because the Headmaster thinks it a good idea,' said Snape smoothly. 'You will receive private lessons once a week, but you will not tell anybody what you are doing, least of all Dolores Umbridge. You understand?'  'Yes,' said Harry. 'Who's going to be teaching me?'  Snape raised an eyebrow.  'I am,' he said.  Harry had the horrible sensation that his insides were melting.  Extra lessons with Snape - what on earth had he done to deserve this? He looked quickly round at Sirius for support.  'Why can't Dumbledore teach Harry?' asked Sirius aggressively. 'Why you?'  'I suppose because it is a headmasters privilege to delegate less enjoyable tasks,' said Snape silkily. 'I assure you I did not beg for the job.' He got to his feet. 'I will expect you at six o'clock on Monday evening, Potter. My office. If anybody asks, you are taking remedial Potions. Nobody who has seen you in my classes could deny you need them.'  He turned to leave, his black travelling cloak billowing behind him.  'Wait a moment,' said Sirius, sitting up straighter in his chair.  Snape turned back to face them, sneering.  'I am in rather a hurry, Black. Unlike you, I do not have unlimited leisure time.'  'I'll get to the point, then,' said Sirius, standing up. He was rather taller than Snape who, Harry noticed, balled his fist in the pocket of his cloak over what Harry was sure was the handle of his wand. 'If I hear you're using these Occlumency lessons to give Harry a hard time, you'll have me to answer to.'  'How touching,' Snape sneered. 'But surely you have noticed that Potter is very like his father?'  'Yes, I have,' said Sirius proudly.  'Well then, you'll know he's so arrogant that criticism simply bounces off him,' Snape said sleekly.  Sirius pushed his chair roughly aside and strode around the table towards Snape, pulling out his wand as he went. Snape whipped out his own. They were squaring up to each other, Sirius looking livid, Snape calculating, his eyes darting from Sirius's wand-tip to his face.  'Sirius!' said Harry loudly, but Sirius appeared not to hear him.  'I've warned you, Snivelus,' said Sirius, his face barely a foot from Snape's, 'I don't care if Dumbledore thinks you've reformed, I know better - '  'Oh, but why don't you tell him so?' whispered Snape. 'Or are you afraid he might not take very seriously the advice of a man who has been hiding inside his mother's house for six months?'  Tell me, how is Lucius Malfoy these days? I expect he's delighted his lapdog's working at Hogwarts, isn't he?'  'Speaking of dogs,' said Snape softly, 'did you know that Lucius Malfoy recognised you last time you risked a little jaunt outside? Clever idea, Black, getting yourself seen on a safe station platform . . . gave you a cast-iron excuse not to leave your hidey-hole in future, didn't it?'  Sirius raised his wand.  'NO!' Harry yelled, vaulting over the table and trying to get in between them. 'Sirius, don't!'  'Are you calling me a coward?' roared Sirius, trying to push Harry out of the way, but Harry would not budge.  'Why, yes, I suppose I am,' said Snape.  'Harry - get - out - of - it!' snarled Sirius, pushing him aside with his free hand.  The kitchen door opened and the entire Weasley family, plus Hermione, came inside, all looking very happy, with Mr Weasley walking proudly in their midst dressed in a pair of striped pyjamas covered by a mackintosh.  'Cured!' he announced brightly to the kitchen at large. 'Completely cured!'  He and all the other Weasleys froze on the threshold, gazing at the scene in front of them, which was also suspended in mid-action, both Sirius and Snape looking towards the door with their wands pointing into each other's faces and Harry immobile between them, a hand stretched out to each, trying to force them apart.  'Merlins beard,' said Mr Weasley, the smile sliding off his face, 'what's going on here?'  Both Sirius and Snape lowered their wands. Harry looked from one to the other. Each wore an expression of utmost contempt, yet the unexpected entrance of so many witnesses seemed to have brought them to their senses. Snape piocketed his wand, turned on his heel and swept back across the kitchen, passing the Weasleys without comment. At the door he looked back.  'Six o'clock, Monday evening, Potter.'  And he was gone. Sirius glared after him, his wand at his side.  'What's been going on?' asked Mr Weasley again.  'Nothing, Arthur,' said Sirius, who was breathing heavily as though he had just run a long distance. 'Just a friendly little chat between two old school friends.' With what looked like an enormous effort, he smiled. 'So . . . you're cured? That's great news, really great.'  'Yes, isn't it?' said Mrs Weasley, leading her husband forward to a chair. 'Healer Smethwyck worked his magic in the end, found an antidote to whatever that snake's got in its fangs, and Arthur's learned his lesson about dabbling in Muggle medicine, haven't you, dear?' she added, rather menacingly.  'Yes, Molly dear,' said Mr Weasley meekly.  That nights meal should have been a cheerful one, with Mr Weasley back amongst them. Harry could tell Sirius was trying to make it so, yet when his godfather was not forcing himself to laugh loudly at Fred and George's jokes or offering everyone more food, his face fell back into a moody, brooding expression. Harry was separated from him by Mundungus and Mad-Eye, who had dropped in to offer Mr Weasley their congratulations. He wanted to talk to Sirius, to tell him he shouldn't listen to a word Snape said, that Snape was goading him deliberately and that the rest of them didn't think Sirius was a coward for doing as Dumbledore told him and remaining in Grimmauld Place. But he had no opportunity to do so, and, eyeing the ugly look on Sirius's face, Harry wondered occasionally whether he would have dared to mention it even if he had the chance. Instead, he told Ron and Hermione under his voice about having to take Occlumency lessons with Snape.  'Dumbledore wants to stop you having those dreams about Voldemort,' said Hermione at once. Well, you won't be sorry not to have them any more, will you?'  'Extra lessons with Snape?' said Ron, sounding aghast. 'I'd rather have the nightmares!'  They were to return to Hogwarts on the Knight Bus the following day, escorted once again by Tonks and Lupin, both of whom were eating breakfast in the kitchen when Harry, Ron and Hermione came down next morning. The adults seemed to have been mid-  way through a whispered conversation as Harry opened the door	 a I of them looked round hastily and fell silent.  After a hurried breakfast, they all pulled on jackets and scarves against the chilly grey January morning. Harry had an unpleasant constricted sensation in his chest	 he did not want to say goodbye to Sirius. He had a bad feeling about this parting	 he didn't know when they would next see each other and he felt it was incumbent upon him to say something to Sirius to stop him doing anything stupid - Harry was worried that Snape's accusation of cowardice had stung Sirius so badly he might even now be planning some foolhardy trip beyond Grimmauld Place. Before he could think of what to say, however, Sirius had beckoned him to his side.  'I want you to take this,' he said quietly, thrusting a badly wrapped package roughly the size of a paperback book into Harry's hands.  'What is it?' Harry asked.  'A way of letting me know if Snape's giving you a hard time. No, don't open it in here!' said Sirius, with a wary look at Mrs Weasley, who was trying to persuade the twins to wear hand-knitted mittens. 'I doubt Molly would approve - but I want you to use it if you need me, all right?'  'OK,' said Harry, stowing the package away in the inside pocket of his jacket, but he knew he would never use whatever it was. It would not be he, Harry, who lured Sirius from his place of safety, no matter how foully Snape treated him in their forthcoming Occlumency classes.  'Let's go, then,' said Sirius, clapping Harry on the shoulder and smiling grimly, and before Harry could say anything else, they were heading upstairs, stopping before the heavily chained and bolted front door, surrounded by Weasleys.  'Goodbye, Harry, take care,' said Mrs Weasley, hugging him.  'See you, Harry, and keep an eye out for snakes for me!' said Mr Weasley genially, shaking his hand.  'Right - yeah,' said Harry distractedly	 it was his last chance to tell Sirius to be careful	 he turned, looked into his godfathers face and opened his mouth to speak, but before he could do so Sirius was giving him a brief, one-armed hug, and saying gruffly, 'Look after yourself, Harry.' Next moment, Harry found himself being shunted out into the icy winter air, with Tonks (today heavily disguised as a tall, tweedy woman with iron-grey hair) chivvying him down the steps.  The door of number twelve slammed shut behind them. They followed Lupin down the front steps. As he reached the pavement, Harry looked round. Number twelve was shrinking rapidly as those on either side of it stretched sideways, squeezing it out of sight. One blink later, it had gone.  'Come on, the quicker we get on the bus the better,' said Tonks, and Harry thought there was nervousness in the glance she threw around the square. Lupin flung out his right arm.  BANG.  A violently purple, triple-decker bus had appeared out of thin air in front of them, narrowly avoiding the nearest lamppost, which jumped backwards out of its way.  A thin, pimply, jug-eared youth in a purple uniform leapt down on to the pavement and said, 'Welcome to the - '  'Yes, yes, we know, thank you,' said Tonks swiftly. 'On, on, get on - '  And she shoved Harry forwards towards the steps, past the conductor, who goggled at Harry as he passed.  Ere - it's 'Any - '!'  'If you shout his name I will curse you into oblivion,' muttered Tonks menacingly, now shunting Ginny and Hermione forwards.  'I've always wanted to go on this thing,' said Ron happily, joining Harry on board and looking around.  It had been evening the last time Harry had travelled by Knight Bus and its three decks had been full of brass bedsteads. Now, in the early morning, it was crammed with an assortment of mismatched chairs grouped haphazardly around windows. Some of these appeared to have fallen over when the bus stopped abruptly in Grimmauld Place	 a few witches and wizards were still getting to their feet, grumbling, and somebody's shopping bag had slid the length of the bus: an unpleasant mixture of frogspawn, cockroaches and custard creams was scattered all over the floor.  'Looks like we'll have to split up,' said Tonks briskly, looking a.round for empty chairs. 'Fred, George and Ginny, if you just take those seats at the back . . . Remus can stay with you.'  She, Harry, Ron and Hermione proceeded up to the very top deck, where there were two unoccupied chairs at the very front of the bus and two at the back. Stan Shunpike, the conductor, followed Harry and Ron eagerly to the back. Heads turned as Harry passed and, when he sat down, he saw all the faces flick back to the front again.  As Harry and Ron handed Stan eleven Sickles each, the bus set off again, swaying ominously. It rumbled around Grimmauld Place, v/eaving on and off the pavement, then, with another tremendous BANG, they were all flung backwards	 Ron's chair toppled right over and Pigwidgeon, who had been on his lap, burst out of his cage and flew twittering wildly up to the front of the bus where he fluttered down on to Hermione s shoulder instead. Harry, who had narrowly avoided falling by seizing a candle bracket, looked out of the window: they were now speeding down what appeared to be a motorway.  'Just outside Birmingham,' said Stan happily, answering Harry's unasked question as Ron struggled up from the floor. 'You keepin' well, then, 'Any? I seen your name in the paper loads over the sammer, but it weren't never nuflink very nice. I said to Ern, I said, 'e didn't seem like a nutter when we met 'im, just goes to siow, dunnit?'  He handed over their tickets and continued to gaze, enthralled, at Harry. Apparently, Stan did not care how nutty somebody was, if they were famous enough to be in the paper. The Knight Bus swayed alarmingly, overtaking a line of cars on the inside. Looking towards the front of the bus, Harry saw Hermione cover her eyes with her hands, Pigwidgeon swaying happily on her shoulder.  BANG.  Chairs slid backwards again as the Knight Bus jumped from the Birmingham motorway to a quiet country lane full of hairpin bends. Hedgerows on either side of the road were leaping out of their way as they mounted the verges. From here they moved to a main street in the middle of a busy town, then to a viaduct surrounded by tall hills, then to a windswept road between high-rise flats, each time with a loud BANG.  'I've changed my mind,' muttered Ron, picking himself up from the floor for the sixth time, 'I never want to ride on this thing again.'  'Listen, it's 'Ogwarts stop after this,' said Stan brightly, swaying towards them. That bossy woman up front 'oo got on with you, she's given us a little tip to move you up the queue. We're just gonna let Madam Marsh off first, though - ' there was a retching sound from downstairs, followed by a horrible spattering noise - she's not feeling 'er best.'  A few minutes later, the Knight Bus screeched to a halt outside a small pub, which squeezed itself out of the way to avoid a collision. They could hear Stan ushering the unfortunate Madam Marsh out of the bus and the relieved murmurings of her fellow passengers on the second deck. The bus moved on again, gathering speed, until - '  BANG.  They were rolling through a snowy Hogsmeade. Harry caught a glimpse of the Hog's Head down its side street, the severed boar's head sign creaking in the wintry wind. Flecks of snow hit the large window at the front of the bus. At last they rolled to a halt outside the gates to Hogwarts.  Lupin and Tonks helped them off the bus with their luggage, then got off to say goodbye. Harry glanced up at the three decks of the Knight Bus and saw all the passengers staring down at them, noses flat against the windows.  'You'll be safe once you're in the grounds,' said Tonks, casting a careful eye around at the deserted road. 'Have a good term, OK?'  'Look after yourselves,' said Lupin, shaking hands all round and reaching Harry last. 'And listen . . .' he lowered his voice while the rest of them exchanged last-minute goodbyes with Tonks, 'Harry, I know you don't like Snape, but he is a superb Occlumens and we all - Sirius included - want you to learn to protect yourself, so work hard, all right?'  'Yeah, all right,' said Harry heavily, looking up into Lupin's prematurely lined face. 'See you, then.'  The six of them struggled up the slippery drive towards the castle, dragging their trunks. Hermione was already talking about knitting a few elf hats before bedtime. Harry glanced back when they reached the oaken front doors	 the Knight Bus had already gone and he half-wished, given what was coming the following evening, that he was still on board.*Harry spent most of the next day dreading the evening. His morning double-Potions lesson did nothing to dispel his trepidation, as Snape was as unpleasant as ever. His mood was further lowered by the DA members constantly approaching him in the corridors between classes, asking hopefully if there would be a meeting that night.  'I'll let you know in the usual way when the next one is,' Harry said over and over again, 'but I can't do it tonight, I've got to go to - er - remedial Potions.'  'You take remedial Potions?' asked Zacharias Smith superciliously, having cornered Harry in the Entrance Hall after lunch. 'Good Lord, you must be terrible. Snape doesn't usually give extra lessons, does he?'  As Smith strode away in an annoyingly buoyant fashion, Ron g'.ared after him.  'Shall I jinx him? I can still get him from here,' he said, raising his wand and taking aim between Smith's shoulder blades.  'Forget it,' said Harry dismally. 'It's what everyone's going to think, isn't it? That I'm really stup - '  'Hi, Harry,' said a voice behind him. He turned round and found Cho standing there.  'Oh,' said Harry as his stomach leapt uncomfortably. 'Hi.'  'We'll be in the library, Harry,' said Hermione firmly as she seized Ron above the elbow and dragged him off towards the marble staircase.  'Had a good Christmas?' asked Cho.  'Yeah, not bad,' said Harry.  'Mine was pretty quiet,' said Cho. For some reason, she was looking rather embarrassed. 'Erm . . . there's another Hogsmeade trip next month, did you see the notice?'  'What? Oh, no, I haven't checked the noticeboard since I got back.'  'Yes, it's on Valentines Day . . .'  'Right,' said Harry, wondering why she was telling him this. 'Well, I suppose you want to - ?'  'Only if you do,' she said eagerly.  Harry stared. He had been about to say, 'I suppose you want to know when the next DA meeting is?' but her response did not seem to fit.  'I - er - ' he said.  'Oh, it's OK if you don't,' she said, looking mortified. 'Don't worry. I - I'll see you around.'  She walked away. Harry stood staring after her, his brain working frantically. Then something clunked into place.  'Cho! Hey - CHO!'  He ran after her, catching her halfway up the marble staircase.  'Er - d'you want to come into Hogsmeade with me on Valentine s Day?'  'Oooh, yes!' she said, blushing crimson and beaming at him.  'Right . . . well . . . that's settled then,' said Harry, and feeling that the day was not going to be a complete loss after all, he virtually bounced off to the library to pick up Ron and Hermione before their afternoon lessons.  By six o'clock that evening, however, even the glow of having successfully asked out Cho Chang could not lighten the ominous feelings that intensified with every step Harry took towards Snape's office.  He paused outside the door when he reached it, wishing he were almost anywhere else, then, taking a deep breath, he knocked and entered.  The shadowy room was lined with shelves bearing hundreds of glass jars in which slimy bits of animals and plants were suspended in variously coloured potions. In one corner stood the cupboard full of ingredients that Snape had once accused Harry - not without reason - of robbing. Harry's attention was drawn towards the desk, however, where a shallow stone basin engraved with runes and symbols lay in a pool of candlelight. Harry recognised it at once - it was Dumbledore's Pensieve. Wondering what on earth it was doing there, he jumped when Snape's cold voice came out of the shadows.  'Shut the door behind you, Potter.'  Harry did as he was told, with the horrible feeling that he was imprisoning himself. When he turned back into the room, Snape had moved into the light and was pointing silently at the chair opposite his desk. Harry sat down and so did Snape, his cold black eyes fixed unblinkingly upon Harry, dislike etched in every line of his face.  'Well, Potter, you know why you are here,' he said. 'The Headmaster has asked me to teach you Occlumency. I can only hope that you prove more adept at it than at Potions.'  'Right,' said Harry tersely.  This may not be an ordinary class, Potter,' said Snape, his eyes narrowed malevolently, 'but I am still your teacher and you will therefore call me sir or Professor at all times.'  'Yes . . . sir,' said Harry.  Snape continued to survey him through narrowed eyes for a moment, then said, 'Now, Occlumency. As I told you back in your dear godfather's kitchen, this branch of magic seals the mind against magical intrusion and influence.'  'And why does Professor Dumbledore think I need it, sir?' said Harry looking directly into Snape's eyes and wondering whether Snape would answer.  Snape looked back at him for a moment and then said contemptuously, 'Surely even you could have worked that out by now, Potter? The Dark Lord is highly skilled at Legilimency - '  'What's that? Sir?'  'It is the ability to extract feelings and memories from another person's mind - '  'He can read minds?' said Harry quickly, his worst fears confirmed.  'You have no subtlety, Potter,' said Snape, his dark eyes glit-te'ing. 'You do not understand fine distinctions. It is one of the shortcomings that makes you such a lamentable potion-maker.'  Snape paused for a moment, apparently to savour the pleasure of insulting Harry, before continuing.  'Only Muggles talk of mind-reading. The mind is not a book, to be opened at will and examined at leisure. Thoughts are not etched on the inside of skulls, to be perused by any invader, ihe mind is a complex and many-layered thing, Potter - or at least, most minds are.' He smirked. 'It is true, however, that those who have mastered Legilimency are able, under certain conditions, to delve into the minds of their victims and to interpret their findings correctly. The Dark Lord, for instance, almost always knows when somebody is lying to him. Only those skilled at Occlumency are able to shut down those feelings and memories that contradict the lie, and so can utter falsehoods in his presence without detection.'  Whatever Snape said, Legilimency sounded like mind-reading to Harry, and he didn't like the sound of it at all.  'So he could know what we're thinking right now? Sir?'  The Dark Lord is at a considerable distance and the walls and grounds of Hogwarts are guarded by many ancient spells and charms to ensure the bodily and mental safety of those who dwell within them,' said Snape. Time and space matter in magic, Potter. Eye contact is often essential to Legilimency.'  'Well then, why do I have to learn Occlumency?'  Snape eyed Harry, tracing his mouth with one long, thin finger as he did so.  The usual rules do not seem to apply with you, Potter. The curse that failed to kill you seems to have forged some kind of connection between you and the Dark Lord. The evidence suggests that at times, when your mind is most relaxed and vulnerable - when you are asleep, for instance - you are sharing the Dark Lord's thoughts and emotions. The Headmaster thinks it inadvisable for this to continue. He wishes me to teach you how to close your mind to the Dark Lord.'  Harry's heart was pumping fast again. None of this added up.  'But why does Professor Dumbledore want to stop it?' he asked abruptly. 'I don't like it much, but it's been useful, hasn't it? I mean . . . I saw that snake attack Mr Weasley and if I hadn't, Professor Dumbledore wouldn't have been able to save him, would he? Sir?'  Snape stared at Harry for a few moments, still tracing his mouth with his finger. When he spoke again, it was slowly and deliberately, as though he weighed every word.  'It appears that the Dark Lord has bee a unaware of the connection between you and himself until very recently. Up till now it seems that you have been experiencing his emotions, and sharing his thoughts, without his being any the wiser. However, the vision you had shortly before Christmas - '  The one with the snake and Mr Weasley?'  'Do not interrupt me, Potter,' said Snape in a dangerous voice. 'As I was saying, the vision you had shortly before Christmas represented such a powerful incursion upon the Dark Lord's thoughts -  'I saw inside the snake's head, not his!'  'I thought I just told you not to interrupt me, Potter?'  But Harry did not care if Snape was angry	 at last he seemed to be getting to the bottom of this business
Order of the Phoenix=The Beetle at BayHarry's question was answered the very next morning. When Hermione's Daily Prophet arrived she smoothed it out, gazed for a moment at the front page and gave a yelp that caused everyone in the vicinity to stare at her.  'What?' said Harry and Ron together.  For answer she spread the newspaper on the table in front of them and pointed at ten black-and-white photographs that filled the whole of the front page, nine showing wizards' faces and the tenth, a witch's. Some of the people in the photographs were silently jeering	 others were tapping their fingers on the frame of their pictures, looking insolent. Each picture was captioned with a name and the crime for which the person had been sent to Azkaban.  Antonin Dolohov, read the legend beneath a wizard with a long, pale, twisted face who was sneering up at Harry convicted of the brutal murders of Gideon and Fabian Prewett.  Algernon Rookwood, said the caption beneath a pockmarked man with greasy hair who was leaning against the edge of his picture, looking bored, convicted of leaking Ministry of Magic secrets to He Who Must Not Be Named.  But Harry's eyes were drawn to the picture of the witch. Her face had leapt out at him the moment he had seen the page. She had long, dark hair that looked unkempt and straggly in the picture, though he had seen it sleek, thick and shining. She glared up at him through heavily lidded eyes, an arrogant, disdainful smile playing around her thin mouth. Like Sirius, she retained vestiges of great good looks, but something - perhaps Azkaban - had taken most of her beauty.  Bellatrix Lestrange, convicted of the torture and permanent mca-pacitation of Frank and Alice LongbotWm.  Hermione nudged Harry and pointed at the headline over the pictures, which Harry, concentrating on Bellatrix, had not yet read.MASS BREAKOUT FROM AZKABANMINISTRY FEARS BLACK IS 'RALLYING POINT'FOR OLD DEATH EATERS'Black?' said Harry loudly. 'Not - ?'  'Shhh!' whispered Hermione desperately. 'Not so loud - 'just read it!'The Ministry of Magic announced late last night that there has been a mass breakout from Azkaban.  Speaking to reporters in his private office, Cornelius Fudge, Minister for Magic, confirmed that ten high-security prisoners escaped in the early hours of yesterday evening and that he has already informed the Muggle Prime Minister of the dangerous nature of these individuals.  'We find ourselves, most unfortunately, in the same position we were two and a half years ago when the murderer Sirius Black escaped,' said Fudge last night. 'Nor do we think the two breakouts are unrelated. An escape of this magnitude suggests outside help, and we must remember that Black, as the first person ever to break out of Azkaban, would be ideally placed to help others follow in his footsteps. We think it likely that these individuals, who include Black's cousin, Bellatrix Lestrange, have rallied around Black as their leader. We are, however, doing all we can to round up the criminals, and we beg the magical community to remain alert and cautious. On no account should any of these individuals be approached.'There you are, Harry,' said Ron, looking awestruck. That's why he was happy last night.'  'I don't believe this,' snarled Harry, 'Fudge is blaming the breakout on Sirius?'  'What other options does he have?' said Hermione bitterly. 'He can hardly say, Sorry, everyone, Dumbledore warned me this might happen, the Azkaban guards have joined Lord Voldemort - stop whimpering, Ron - and now Voldemort's worst supporters have broken out, too. I mean, he's spent a good six months telling everyone you and Dumbledore are liars, hasn't he?'  Hermione ripped open the newspaper and began to read the report inside while Harry looked around the Great Hall. He could not understand why his fellow students were not looking scared or at least discussing the terrible piece of news on the front page, but very few of them took the newspaper every day like Hermione. There they all were, talking about homework and Quidditch and who knew what other rubbish, when outside these walls ten more Death Eaters had swollen Voldemort's ranks.  He glanced up at the staff table. It was a different story there: Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall were deep in conversation, both looking extremely grave. Professor Sprout had the Prophet propped against a bottle of ketchup and was reading the front page with such concentration that she was not noticing the gentle drip o egg yolk falling into her lap from her stationary spoon. Meanwhile, at the far end of the table, Professor Umbridge was tucking into a bowl of porridge. For once her pouchy toad's eyes were not sweeping the Great Hall looking for misbehaving students. She scowled as she gulped down her food and every now and then she shot a malevolent glance up the table to where Dumbledore and McGonagall were talking so intently.  'Oh my - ' said Hermione wonderingly, still staring at the newspaper.  'What now?' said Harry quickly	 he was feeling jumpy.  'It's . . . horrible,' said Hermione, looking shaken. She folded back page ten of the newspaper and handed it to Harry and Ron.TRAGIC DEMISE OF MINISTRY OF MAGIC WORKERSt Mungo's Hospital promised a full inquiry last night after Ministry of Magic worker Broderich Bode, 49, was discovered dead in his bed, strangled by a pot plant. Healers called to the scene were unable to revive Mr Bode, who had been injured in a workplace accident some weeks prior to his death.  Healer Miriam Strout, who was in charge of Mr Bodes ward at the time of the incident, has been suspended on full pay and was unavailable for comment yesterday, but a spokeswizard for the hospital said in a statement:  'St Mungo's deeply regrets the death of Mr Bode, whose health was improving steadily prior to this tragic accident.  'We have strict guidelines on the decorations permitted on our wards but it appears that Healer Strout, busy over the Christmas period, overlooked the dangers of the plant on Mr Bode's bedside table. As his speech and mobility improved, Healer Strout encouraged Mr Bode to look after the plant himself, unaware that it was not an innocent Flitterbloom, but a cutting of Devil's Snare which, when touched by the convalescent Mr Bode, throttled him instantly.  'St Mungo's is as vet unable to account for the presence of the plant on the ward and asks any witch or wizard with information to come forward.''Bode . . .' said Ron. 'Bode. It rings a bell . . .'  'We saw him,' Hermione whispered. In St Mungo's, remember? He was in the bed opposite Lockhart's, just lying there, staring at the ceiling. And we saw the Devil's Snare arrive. She - the Healer - said it was a Christmas present.'  Harry looked back at the story. A feeling of horror was rising like bile in his throat.  'How come we didn't recognise Devil's Snare? We've seen it before . . . we could've stopped this from happening.'  'Who expects Devil's Snare to turn up in a hospital disguised as a pot plant?' said Ron sharply. 'It's not our fault, whoever sent it to the bloke is to blame! They must be a real prat, why didn't they check what they were buying?'  'Oh, come on, Ron!' said Hermione shakily. 'I don't think anyone could put Devil's Snare in a pot and not realise it tries to kill whoever touches it? This - this was murder . . . a clever murder, as well . . . if the plant was sent anonymously, how's anyone ever going to find out who did it?'  Harry was not thinking about Devil's Snare. He was remembering taking the lift down to the ninth level of the Ministry on the day of his hearing and the sallow-faced man who had got in on the Atrium level.  'I met Bode,' he said slowly. 'I saw him at the Ministry with your dad.'  Ron's mouth fell open.  'I've heard Dad talk about him at home! He was an Unspeakable  ' - he worked in the Department of Mysteries!'  They looked at each other for a moment, then Hermione pulled the newspaper back towards her, closed it, glared for a moment at the pictures of the ten escaped Death Eaters on the front, then leapt to her feet.  'Where are you going?' said Ron, startled.  To send a letter,' said Hermione, swinging her bag on to her shoulder. 'It . . . well, I don't know whether . . . but it's worth trying . . . and I'm the only one who can.'  'I hate it when she does that,' grumbled Ron, as he and Harry got up from the table and made their own, slower way out of the Great Hall. 'Would it kill her to tell us what she's up to for once? It'd take her about ten more seconds - hey, Hagrid!'  Hagrid was standing beside the doors into the Entrance Hall, waiting for a crowd of Ravenclaws to pass. He was still as heavily bruised as he had been on the day he had come back from his mission to the giants and there was a new cut right across the bridge of his nose.  'All righ', you two?' he said, trying to muster a smile but managing only a kind of pained grimace.  'Are you OK, Hagrid?' asked Harry, following him as he lumbered after the Ravenclaws.  'Fine, fine,' said Hagrid with a feeble assumption of airiness	 he w aved a hand and narrowly missed concussing a frightened-looking Professor Vector, who was passing. 'Jus' busy, yeh know, usual stuff  ' - lessons ter prepare - couple o' salamanders got scale rot - an' I'm on probation,' he mumbled.  'You're on probation?' said Ron very loudly, so that many of the passing students looked around curiously. 'Sorry - I mean - you're on probation?' he whispered.  'Yeah,' said Hagrid. ' 'S'no more'n I expected, ter tell yen the truth. Yeh migh' not've picked up on it, bu' that inspection didn' go too well, yeh know . . . anyway,' he sighed deeply. 'Bes' go an' rub a bit more chilli powder on them salamanders or their tails'll be hangin' off 'em next. See yeh, Harry . . . Ron . . .'  He trudged away, out of the front doors and down the stone steps into the damp grounds. Harry watched him go, wondering how much more bad news he could stand.*The fact that Hagrid was now on probation became common knowledge within the school over the next few days, but to Harry's indignation, hardly anybody appeared to be upset about it	 indeed, some people, Draco Malfoy prominent among them, seemed positively gleeful. As for the freakish death of an obscure Department of Mysteries employee in St Mungo's, Harry, Ron and Hermione seemed to be the only people who knew or cared. There was only one topic of conversation in the corridors now: the ten escaped Death Eaters, whose story had finally filtered through the school from those few people who read the newspapers. Rumours were flying that some of the convicts had been spotted in Hogsmeade, that they were supposed to be hiding out in the Shrieking Shack and that they were going to break into Hogwarts, just as Sirius Black had once done.  Those who came from wizarding families had grown up hearing the names of these Death Eaters spoken with almost as much fear as Voldemorts	 the crimes they had committed during the days of Voldemort's reign of terror were legendary. There were relatives cf their victims among the Hogwarts students, who now found themselves the unwilling objects of a gruesome sort of reflected fame as they walked the corridors: Susan Bones, whose uncle, aunt and cousins had all died at the hands of one of the ten, said miserably during Herbology that she now had a good idea what it felt like to be Harry.  'And I don't know how you stand it - it's horrible,' she said bluntly, dumping far too much dragon manure on her tray of Screechsnap seedlings, causing them to wriggle and squeak in discomfort.  It was true that Harry was the subject of much renewed muttering and pointing in the corridors these days, yet he thought he detected a slight difference in the lone of the whisperers' voices. They sounded curious rather than hostile now, and once or twice he was sure he overheard snatches of conversation that, suggested that the speakers were not satisfied with the Prophet's version of how and why ten Death Eaters had managed to break out of the Azkaban fortress. In their confusion and fear, these doubters now seemed to be turning to the only other explanation available to them: the one that Harry and Dumbledore had been expounding since the previous year.  It was not only the students' mood that had changed. It was now quite common to come across two or three teachers conversing in low, urgent whispers in the corridors, breaking off their conversations the moment they saw students approaching.  They obviously can't talk freely in the staff room any more,' said Hermione in a low voice, as she, Harry and Ron passed Professors McGonagall, Flitwick and Sprout huddled together outside the Charms classroom one day. 'Not with Umbridge there.'  'Reckon they know anything new?' said Ron, gazing back over his shoulder at the three teachers.  'If they do, we're not going to hear about it, are we?' said Harry angrily. 'Not after Decree . . . what number are we on now?' For new notices had appeared on the house noticeboards the morning after news of the Azkaban breakout:BY ORDER OF THE HIGH INQUISITOR OF HOGWARTSTeachers are hereby banned from giving students any informationthat is not strictly related to the subjects they are paid to teach.The above is in accordance with Educational DecreeNumber Twenty-six.Signed: Dolores Jane Umbridge, High InquisitorThis latest Decree had been the subject of a great number of jokes among the students. Lee Jordan had pointed out to Umbridge that by the terms of the new rule she was not allowed to tell Fred and George off for playing Exploding Snap in the back of the class.  'Exploding Snap's got nothing to do with Defence Against the Dark Arts, Professor! That's not information relating to your subject!'  When Harry next saw Lee, the back of his hand was bleeding rather badly. Harry recommended essence of Murtlap.  Harry had thought the breakout from Azkaban might have humbled Umbridge a little, that she might have been abashed at the catastrophe that had occurred right under the nose of her beloved Fudge. It seemed, however, to have only intensified her furious desire to bring every aspect of life at Hogwarts under her personal control. She seemed determined at the very least to achieve a sacking before long, and the only question was whether it would be Professor Trelawney or Hagrid who went first.  Every single Divination and Care of Magical Creatures lesson was now conducted in the presence of Umbridge and her clipboard. She lurked by the fire in the heavily perfumed tower room, interrupting Professor Trelawney's increasingly hysterical talks with difficult questions about ornithomancy and heptomology, insisting that she predicted students' answers before they gave them and demanding that she demonstrate her skill at the crystal ball, the tea leaves and the rune stones in turn. Harry thought Professor Trelawney might soon crack under the strain. Several times he passed her in the corridors - in itself a very unusual occurrence as she generally remained in her tower room - muttering wildly to herself, wringing her hands and shooting terrified glances over her shoulder, and all the while giving off a powerful smell of cooking sherry. If he had not been so worried about Hagrid, he would have felt sorry for her - but if one of them was to be ousted from their job, there could be only one choice for Harry as to who should remain.  Unfortunately, Harry could not see that Hagrid was putting up a better show than Trelawney. Though he seemed to be following Hermione's advice and had shown them nothing more frightening than a Crup - a creature indistinguishable from a Jack Russell terrier except for its forked tail - since before Christmas, he too seemed to have lost his nerve. He was oddly distracted and jumpy during lessons, losing the thread of what he was saying to the class, answering questions wrongly, and all the time glancing anxiously at Umbridge. He was also more distant with Harry, Ron and Hermione than he had ever been before, and had expressly forbidden them to visit him after dark.  'If she catches yeh, it'll be all of our necks on the line,' he told 	:hem flatly, and with no desire to do anything that might jeopardise his job further they abstained from walking down to his hut :.n the evenings.  It seemed to Harry that Umbridge was steadily depriving him of everything that made his life at Hogwarts worth living: visits to Hagrid's house, letters from Sirius, his Firebolt and Quidditch. He took his revenge the only way he could - by redoubling his efforts for the DA.  Harry was pleased to see that all of them, even Zacharias Smith, had been spurred on to work harder than ever by the news that ten more Death Eaters were now on the loose, but in nobody was this improvement more pronounced than in Neville. The news of his parents' attackers' escape had wrought a strange and even slightly alarming change in him. He had not once mentioned his meeting with Harry, Ron and Hermione on the closed ward in St Mungo's and, taking their lead from him, they had kept quiet about it too. Nor had he said anything on the subject of Bellatrix and her fellow torturers' escape. In fact, Neville barely spoke during the DA meetings any more, but worked relentlessly on every new jinx and counter-curse Harry taught them, his plump face screwed up in concentration, apparently indifferent to injuries or accidents and working harder than anyone else in the room. He was improving so fast it was quite unnerving and when Harry taught them, the Shield Charm - a means of deflecting minor jinxes so that they rebounded upon the attacker - only Hermione mastered the charm faster than Neville.  Harry would have given a great deal to be making as much progress at Occlumency as Neville was making during the DA meetings. Harry's sessions with Snape, which had started badly enough, were not improving. On the contrary, Harry felt he was getting \vorse with every lesson.  Before he had started studying Occlumency, his scar had prickled occasionally, usually during the night, or else following one of those strange flashes of Voldemort's thoughts or mood that he experienced every now and then. Nowadays, however, his scar hardly ever stopped prickling, and he often felt lurches of annoyance or cheerfulness that were unrelated to what was happening to him at the time, which were always accompanied by a particularly painful twinge from his scar. He had the horrible impression that he was slowly turning into a kind of aerial that was tuned in to tiny fluctuations in Voldemort's mood, and he was sure he could date this increased sensitivity firmly from his first Occlumency lesson with Snape. What was more, he was now dreaming about walking down the corridor towards the entrance to the Department of Mysteries almost every night, dreams which always culminated in him standing longingly in front of the plain black door.  'Maybe it's a bit like an illness,' said Hermione, looking concerned when Harry confided in her and Ron. 'A fever or something. It has to get worse before it gets better.'  The lessons with Snape are making it worse,' said Harry flatly 'I'm getting sick of my scar hurting and I'm getting bored with walking down that corridor every night.' He rubbed his forehead angrily. 'I just wish the door would open, I'm sick of standing staring at it - '  That's not funny,' said Hermione sharply. 'Dumbledore doesn't want you to have dreams about that corridor at all, or he wouldn't have asked Snape to teach you Occlumency. You're just going to have to work a bit harder in your lessons.'  'I am working!' said Harry, nettled. You try it some time - Snape: trying to get inside your head - it's not a bundle of laughs, you know!'  'Maybe . . .' said Ron slowly.  'Maybe what?' said Hermione, rather snappishly.  'Maybe it's not Harry's fault he can't close his mind,' said Ron darkly.  'What do you mean?' said Hermione.  'Well, maybe Snape isn't really trying to help Harry . . .'  Harry and Hermione stared at him. Ron looked darkly and meaningfully from one to the other.  'Maybe,' he said again, in a lower voice, 'he's actually trying to open Harry's mind a bit wider . . . make it easier for You-Know-  'Shut up, Ron,' said Hermione angrily. 'How many times have you suspected Snape, and when have you ever been right? Dumbledore trusts him, he works for the Order, that ought to be enough.'  'He used to be a Death Eater,' said Ron stubbornly. 'And we've never seen proof that he really swapped sides.'  'Dumbledore trusts him,' Hermione repeated. 'And if we can't trust Dumbledore, we can't trust anyone.'*With so much to worry about and so much to do - startling amounts of homework that frequently kept the fifth-years working until past midnight, secret DA sessions and regular classes with Snape - 'January seemed to be passing alarmingly fast. Before Harry knew it, February had arrived, bringing with it wetter and warmer weather and the prospect of the second Hogsmeade visit of the year. Harry had had very little time to spare for conversations with Cho since they had agreed to visit the village together, but suddenly found himself facing a Valentine's Day spent entirely in her company.  On the morning of the fourteenth he dressed particularly carefully. He and Ron arrived at breakfast just in time for the arrival of the post owls, Hedwig was not there - not that Harry had expected her - but Hermione was tugging a letter from the beak of an unfamiliar brown owl as they sat down.  'And about time! If it hadn't come today . . .' she said, eagerly tearing open the envelope and pulling out a small piece of parchment. Her eyes sped from left to right as she read through the message and a grimly pleased expression spread across her face.  'Listen, Harry,' she said, looking up at him, 'this is really important. Do you think you could meet me in the Three Broomsticks around midday?'  'Well . . . I dunno,' said Harry uncertainly. 'Cho might be expecting me to spend the whole day with her. We never said what we were going to do.'  Well, bring her along if you must,' said Hermione urgently. 'But will you come?'  'Well . . . all right, but why?'  'I haven't got time to tell you now, I've got to answer this quickly.'  And she hurried out of the Great Hall, the letter clutched in one hand and a piece of toast in the other.  'Are you coming?' Harry asked Ron, but he shook his head, looking glum.  'I can't come into Hogsmeade at all	 Angelina wants a full day's training. Like it's going to help	 we're the worst team I've ever seen. You should see Sloper and Kirke, they're pathetic, even worse than I am.' He heaved a great sigh. 'I dunno why Angelina won't just let me resign.'  It's because you're good when you're on form, that's why,' said Harry irritably.  He found it very hard to be sympathetic to Ron's plight, when he himself would have given almost anything to be playing in the forthcoming match against Hufflepuff. Ron seemed to have noticed Harry's tone, because he did not mention Quidditch again during breakfast, and there was a slight frostiness in the way they said goodbye to each other shortly afterwards. Ron departed for the Quidditch pitch and Harry, after attempting to flatten his hair while staring at his reflection in the back of a teaspoon, proceeded alone to the Entrance Hall to meet Cho, feeling very apprehensive and wondering what on earth they were going to talk about.  She was waiting for him a little to the side of the oak front doors, looking very pretty with her hair tied back in a long pony-tail. Harry's feet seemed to be too big for his body as he walked towards her and he was suddenly horribly aware of his arms and how stupid they must look swinging at his sides.  'Hi,' said Cho slightly breathlessly.  'Hi,' said Harry.  They stared at each other for a moment, then Harry said, 'Well - er - shall we go, then?'  'Oh - yes . . .'  They joined the queue of people being signed out by Filch, occasionally catching each others eye and grinning shiftily, but not talking to each other. Harry was relieved when they reached the fresh air, finding it easier to walk along in silence than just stand about looking awkward. It was a fresh, breezy sort of a day and as they passed the Quidditch stadium Harry glimpsed Ron and  Ginny skimming along over the stands and felt a horrible pang that he was not up there with them.  'You really miss it, don't you?' said Cho.  He looked round and saw her watching him.  'Yeah,' sighed Harry. 'I do.'  'Remember the first time we played against each other, in the third year?' she asked him.  'Yeah,' said Harry, grinning. 'You kept blocking me.'  'And Wood told you not to be a gentleman and knock me off my broom if you had to,' said Cho, smiling reminiscently. 'I heard he got taken on by Pride of Portree, is that right?'  'Nah, it was Puddlemere United	 I saw him at the World Cup last year.'  'Oh, I saw you there, too, remember? We were on the same campsite. It was really good, wasn't it?'  The subject of the Quidditch World Cup carried them all the way down the drive and out through the gates. Harry could hardly believe how easy it was to talk to her - no more difficult, in fact, than talking to Ron and Hermione - and he was just starting to feel confident and cheerful when a large gang of Slytherin girls passed them, including Pansy Parkinson.  'Potter and Chang!' screeched Pansy, to a chorus of snide giggles. 'Urgh, Chang, I don't think much of your taste . . . at least Diggory was good-looking!'  The girls sped up, talking and shrieking in a pointed fashion with many exaggerated glances back at Harry and Cho, leaving an embarrassed silence in their wake. Harry could think of nothing else to say about Quidditch, and Cho, slightly flushed, was watching her feet.  'So . . . where d'you want to go?' Harry asked as they entered Hogsmeade. The High Street was full of students ambling up and down, peering into the shop windows and messing about together on the pavements.  'Oh . . . I don't mind,' said Cho, shrugging. 'Urn . . . shall we just have a look in the shops or something?'  They wandered towards Dervish and Banges. A large poster had been stuck up in the window and a few Hogsmeaders were looking at it. They moved aside when Harry and Cho approached and Harry found himself staring once more at the pictures of the ten escaped Death Eaters. The poster, 'By Order of the Ministry of Magic', offered a thousand-Galleon reward to any witch or wizard with information leading to the recapture of any of the convicts pictured.  It's funny, isn't it,' said Cho in a low voice, gazing up at the pictures of the Death Eaters, 'remember when that Sirius Black escaped, and there were Dementors all over Hogsmeade looking for him? And now ten Death Eaters are on the loose and there are no Dementors anywhere . . .'  'Yeah,' said Harry, tearing his eyes away from Bellatrix Lestrange's face to glance up and down the High Street. 'Yeah, that is weird.  He wasn't sorry that there were no Dementors nearby, but now he came to think of it, their absence was highly significant. The) had not only let the Death Eaters escape, they weren't bothering to look for them . . . it looked as though they really were outside Ministry control now.  The ten escaped Death Eaters were staring out of every shop window he and Cho passed. It started to rain as they passed. Scrivenshaft's	 cold, heavy drops of water kept hitting Harry's face and the back of his neck.  'Um . . . d'you want to get a coffee?' said Cho tentatively, as the rain began to fall more heavily.  'Yeah, all right,' said Harry, looking around. 'Where?'  'Oh, there's a really nice place just up here	 haven't you ever been to Madam Puddifoot's?' she said brightly, leading him up a side road and into a small teashop that Harry had never noticed before. It was a cramped, steamy little place where everything seemed to have been decorated with frills or bows. Harry was reminded unpleasantly of Umbndge's office.  'Cute, isn't it?' said Cho happily.  'Er . . . yeah,' said Harry untruthfully.  'Look, she's decorated it for Valentine's Day!' said Cho, indicating a number of golden cherubs that were hovering over each of the small, circular tables, occasionally throwing pink confetti over the occupants.  'Aaah . . .'  They sat down at the last remaining table, which was over by the steamy window. Roger Davies, the Ravenclaw Quidditch Captain, was sitting about a foot and a half away with a pretty blonde girl. They were holding hands. The sight made Harry feel uncomfortable, particularly when, looking around the teashop, he saw that t was full of nothing but couples, all of them holding hands. Perhaps Cho would expect him to hold her hand.  'What can I get you, m'dears?' said Madam Puddifoot, a very stout woman with a shiny black bun, squeezing between their table and Roger Davies's with great difficulty.  Two coffees, please,' said Cho.  In the time it took for their coffees to arrive, Roger Davies and his girlfriend had started kissing over their sugar bowl. Harry wished they wouldn't	 he felt that Davies was setting a standard with which Cho would soon expect him to compete. He felt his face growing hot and tried staring out of the window, but it was so steamed up he couldn't see the street outside. To postpone the moment when he would have to look at Cho, he stared up at the ceiling as though examining the paintwork and received a handful of confetti in the face from their hovering cherub.  After a few more painful minutes, Cho mentioned Umbridge. Harry seized on the subject with relief and they passed a few happy moments abusing her, but the subject had already been so thoroughly canvassed during DA meetings it did not last very long. Silence fell again. Harry was very conscious of the slurping noises coming from the table next door and cast wildly around for something else to say.  'Er . . . listen, d'you want to come with me to the Three Broomsticks at lunchtime? I'm meeting Hermione Granger there.'  Cho raised her eyebrows.  'You're meeting Hermione Granger? Today?'  'Yeah. Well, she asked me to, so I thought I would. D'you want to come with me? She said it wouldn't matter if you did.'  'Oh . . . well . . . that was nice of her.'  But Cho did not sound as though she thought it was nice at all. On the contrary, her tone was cold and all of a sudden she looked rather forbidding.  A few more minutes passed in total silence, Harry drinking his coffee so fast that he would soon need a fresh cup. Beside them,  Roger Davies and his girlfriend seemed glued together at the tips.  Cho's hand was lying on the table beside her coffee and Harry was feeling a mounting pressure to take hold of it. Just do it, he told himself, as a fount of mingled panic and excitement surged up inside his chest, just reach out and grab it. Amazing, how much more difficult it was to extend his arm twelve inches and touch her hand than it was to snatch a speeding Snitch from midair . . .  But just as he moved his hand forwards, Cho took hers off the table. She was now watching Roger Davies kissing his girlfriend with a mildly interested expression.  'He asked me out, you know,' she said in a quiet voice. 'A couple: of weeks ago. Roger. I turned him down, though.'  Harry, who had grabbed the sugar bowl to excuse his sudden lunging movement across the table, could not think why she was telling him this. If she wished she were sitting at the next table being heartily kissed by Roger Davies, why had she agreed to come: out with him?  He said nothing. Their cherub threw another handful of confetti over them	 some of it landed in the last cold dregs of coffee Harry had been about to drink.  'I came in here with Cedric last year,' said Cho.  In the second or so it took for him to take in what she had said, Harry's insides had become glacial. He could not believe she wanted to talk about Cedric now, while kissing couples surrounded them and a cherub floated over their heads.  Cho's voice was rather higher when she spoke again.  'I've been meaning to ask you for ages . . . did Cedric - did he - m - m - mention me at all before he died?'  This was the very last subject on earth Harry wanted to discuss, and least of all with Cho.  'Well - no - ' he said quietly. There - there wasn't time for him to say anything. Erm . . . so . . . d'you . . . d'you get to see a lot of Quidditch in the holidays? You support the Tornados, right?'  His voice sounded falsely bright and cheery. To his horror, he saw that her eyes were swimming with tears again, just as they had been after the last DA meeting before Christmas.  'Look,' he said desperately, leaning in so that nobody else could overhear, let's not talk about Cedric right now . . . let's talk about something else . . .'  But this, apparently, was quite the wrong thing to say.  'I thought,' she said, tears spattering down on to the table, 'I thought you'd u - u - understand! I need to talk about it! Surely you n - need to talk about it t - too! I mean, you saw it happen, d - didn't you?'  Everything was going nightmarishly wrong
Order of the Phoenix=Seen and UnforseenLuna said vaguely that she did not know how soon Rita's interview with Harry would appear in The Quibbler, that her father was expecting a lovely long article on recent sightings of Crumple-Horned Snorkacks, ' - and of course, that'll be a very important story, so Harry's might have to wait for the following issue,' said Luna.  Harry had not found it an easy experience to talk about the night when Voldemort had returned. Rita had pressed him for every little detail and he had given her everything he could remember, knowing that this was his one big opportunity to tell the world the truth. He wondered how people would react to the story. He guessed that it would confirm a lot of people in the view that he was completely insane, not least because his story would be appearing alongside utter rubbish about Crumple-Horned Snorkacks. But the breakout of Bellatrix Lestrange and her fellow Death Eaters had given Harry a burning desire to do something, whether or not it worked . . .  'Can't wait to see what Umbridge thinks of you going public,' said Dean, sounding awestruck at dinner on Monday night. Seamus was shovelling down large amounts of chicken and ham pie on Dean's other side, but Harry knew he was listening.  'It's the right thing to do, Harry,' said Neville, who was sitting opposite him. He was rather pale, but went on in a low voice, 'It must have been . . . tough . . . talking about it . . . was it?'  'Yeah,' mumbled Harry, 'but people have got to know what Voldemort's capable of, haven't they?'  That's right,' said Neville, nodding, 'and his Death Eaters, too . . . people should know . . .  Neville left his sentence hanging and returned to his baked potato. Seamus looked up, but when he caught Harry's eye he looked quickly back at his plate again. After a while, Dean, Seamus and Neville departed for the common room, leaving Harry and Hermione at the table waiting for Ron, who had riot yet had dinner because of Quidditch practice.  Cho Chang walked into the Hall with her friend Marietta. Harry's stomach gave an unpleasant lurch, but she did not look over at the Gryffindor table, and sat down with her back to him.  'Oh, I forgot to ask you,' said Hermione brightly, glancing over at the Ravenclaw table, 'what happened on your date with Cho? How come you were back so early?'  'Er . . . well, it was . . .' said Harry, pulling a dish of rhubarb crumble towards him and helping himself to seconds, 'a complete fiasco, now you mention it.'  And he told her what had happened in Madam Puddifoot's teashop.  '. . . so then,' he finished several minutes later, as the final bit of crumble disappeared, 'she jumps up, right, and says, I'll see you around, Harry, and runs out of the place!' He put down his spoon and looked at Hermione. 'I mean, what was all that about? What was going on?'  Hermione glanced over at the back of Clio's head and sighed.  'Oh, Harry' she said sadly. 'Well, I'm sorry but you were a bit tactless.'  'Me, tactless?' said Harry, outraged. 'One minute we were getting on fine, next minute she was telling me that Roger Davies asked her out and how she used to go and snog Cedric in that stupid teashop - how was I supposed to feel about that?'  Well, you see,' said Hermione, with the patient air of someone explaining that one plus one equals iwo to an over-emotional toddler, 'you shouldn't have told her that you wanted to meet me halfway through your date.'  'But, but,' spluttered Harry, 'but - you told me to meet you at twelve and to bring her along, how was I supposed to do that w:.thout telling her?'  'You should have told her differently' said Hermione, still with that maddeningly patient air. 'You should have said it was really annoying, but I'd made you promise to come along to the Three Broomsticks, and you really didn't want to go, you'd much rather spend the whole day with her, but unfortunately you thought you really ought to meet me and would she please, please come along with you and hopefully you'd be able to get away more quickly. And it might have been a good idea to mention how ugly you think I am, too,' Hermione added as an afterthought.  'But I don't think you're ugly,' said Harry, bemused.  Hermione laughed.  'Harry, you're worse than Ron . . . well, no, you're not,' she sighed, as Ron himself came stumping into the Hall splattered with mv.d and looking grumpy. 'Look - you upset Cho when you said you were going to meet me, so she tried to make you jealous. It was her way of trying to find out how much you liked her.'  'Is that what she was doing?' said Harry, as Ron dropped on .o the bench opposite them and pulled every dish within reach towards him. 'Well, wouldn't it have been easier if she'd just asked me whether I liked her better than you?'  'Girls don't often ask questions like that,' said Hermione.  'Well, they should!' said Harry forcefully. 'Then I could've just told her I fancy her, and she wouldn't have had to get herself all worked up again about Cedric dying!'  'I'm not saying what she did was sensible,' said Hermione, as Ginny joined them, just as muddy as Ron and looking equally disgruntled. 'I'm just trying to make you see how she was feeling at the time.'  'You should write a book,' Ron told Hermione as he cut up his potatoes, 'translating mad things girls do so boys can understand them.'  'Yeah,' said Harry fervently, looking over at the Ravenclaw table. Cho had just got up, and, still not looking at him, she left the Great Hall. Feeling rather depressed, he looked back at Ron and Ginny. 'So, how was Quidditch practice?'  'It was a nightmare,' said Ron in a surly voice.  'Oh come on,' said Hermione, looking at Ginny, 'I'm sure it wasn't that - '  'Yes, it was,' said Ginny. 'It was appalling. Angelina was nearly in tears by the end of it.'  Ron and Ginny went off for baths after dinner	 Harry and Hermione returned to the busy Gryffindor common room and their usual pile of homework. Harry had been struggling with a new star-chart for Astronomy for half an hour when Fred and George turned up.  'Ron and Ginny not here?' asked Fred, looking around as he pulled up a chair, and when Harry shook his head, he said, 'Good. We were watching their practice. They're going to be slaughtered. They're complete rubbish without us.'  'Come on, Ginny's not bad,' said George fairly, sitting down next to Fred. 'Actually, I dunno how she got so good, seeing how we never let her play with us.'  'She's been breaking into your broom shed in the garden since the age of six and taking each of your brooms out in turn when you weren't looking,' said Hermione from behind her tottering pile of Ancient Rune books.  'Oh,' said George, looking mildly impressed. 'Well - that'd explain it.'  'Has Ron saved a goal yet?' asked Hermione, peering over the top of Magical Hieroglyphs and Logograms.  'Well, he can do it if he doesn't think anyone's watching him,' said Fred, rolling his eyes. 'So all we have to do is ask the crowd to turn their backs and talk among themselves every time the Qua! fie goes up his end on Saturday.'  He got up again and moved restlessly to the window, staring out across the dark grounds.  'You know, Quidditch was about the only thing in this place worth staying for.'  Hermione cast him a stern look.  'You've got exams coming!'  'Told you already, we're not fussed about NEWTs,' said Fred. 'The Snackboxes are ready to roll, we found out how to get rid of those boils, just a couple of drops of Murtlap essence sorts them, Lee put us on to it.'  George yawned widely and looked out disconsolately at the cloudy night sky.  'I dunno if I even want to watch this match. 11 Zacharias Smith beats us I might have to kill myself.'  'Kill him, more like,' said Fred firmly.  'That's the trouble with Quidditch,' said Hermione absent-mindedly, once again bent over her Runes translation, 'it creates all this bad feeling and tension between the houses.'  She looked up to find her copy of Spellman's Syllabary, and caught Fred, George and Harry all staring at her with expressions of mingled disgust and incredulity on their faces.  'Well, it does!' she said impatiently. 'It's only a game, isn't it?'  'Hermione,' said Harry, shaking his head, 'you're good on feelings and stuff, but you just don't understand about Quidditch.'  'Maybe not,' she said darkly, returning to her translation, 'but at least my happiness doesn't depend on Ron's goalkeeping ability.'  And though Harry would rather have jumped off the Astronomy Tower than admit it to her, by the time he had watched the game the following Saturday he would have given any number of Galleons not to care about Quidditch either.  The very best thing you could say about the match was that it was short	 the Gryffindor spectators had to endure only twenty-two minutes of agony. It was hard to say what the worst thing was: Harry thought it was a close-run contest between Ron's fourteenth failed save, Sloper missing the Bludger but hitting Angelina in the mouth with his bat, and Kirke shrieking and falling backwards off his broom when Zacharias Smith zoomed at him carrying the Quaffle. The miracle was that Gryffindor only lost by ten points: Ginny managed to snatch the Snitch from right under Hufflepuff Seeker Summerby's nose, so that the final score was two hundred and forty versus two hundred and thirty.  'Good catch,' Harry told Ginny back in the common room, where the atmosphere resembled that of a particularly dismal funeral.  'I was lucky,' she shrugged. 'It wasn't a very fast Snitch and Summerby's got a cold, he sneezed and closed his eyes at exactly the wrong moment. Anyway, once you're back on the team - '  'Ginny, I've got a lifelong ban.'  'You're banned as long as Umbridge is in the school,' Ginny corrected him. There's a difference. Anyway, once you're back, I think  I'll, try out for Chaser. Angelina and Alicia are both leaving next year and I prefer goal-scoring to Seeking anyway'  Harry looked over at Ron, who was hunched in a corner, staring at his knees, a bottle of Butlerbeer clutched in his hand.  'Angelina still won't let him resign,' Ginny said, as though reading Harry's mind. 'She says she knows he's got it in him.'  Harry liked Angelina for the faith she was showing in Ron, but at the same time thought it would really be kinder to let him leave the team. Ron had left the pitch to another booming chorus of 'Weasley is our King' sung with great gusto by the Slytherins, who were now favourites to win the Quidditch Cup.  Fred and George wandered over.  'I haven't even got the heart to take the mickey out of him,' said Fred, looking over at Ron's crumpled figure. 'Mind you . . . when he missed the fourteenth - '  He made wild motions with his arms as though doing an upright dcggy-paddle.  ' - well, I'll save it for parties, eh?'  Ron dragged himself up to bed shortly after this. Out of respect for his feelings, Harry waited a while before going up to the dormitory himself, so that Ron could pretend to be asleep if he wanted to Sure enough, when Harry finally entered the room Ron was snoring a little too loudly to be entirely plausible.  Harry got into bed, thinking about the match. It had been immensely frustrating watching from the sidelines. He was quite impressed by Ginny's performance but he knew if he had been playing he could have caught the Snitch sooner . . . there had been a moment when it had been fluttering near Kirke's ankle	 if Ginny hadn't hesitated, she might have been able to scrape a win for Gryffindor.  Umbridge had been sitting a few rows below Harry and Hermione. Once or twice she had turned squatly in her seat to look at him, her wide toad's mouth stretched in what he thought had been a gloating smile. The memory of it made him feel hot with anger as he lay there in the dark. After a few minutes, however, he remembered that he was supposed to be emptying his mind of all emotion before he slept, as Snape kept instructing him at the end of every Occlumency lesson.  He tried for a moment or two, but the thought of Snape on top of memories of Umbridge merely increased his sense of grumbling resentment and he found himself focusing instead on how much he loathed the pair of them. Slowly, Ron's snores died away to be replaced by the sound of deep, slow breathing. It took Harry much longer to get to sleep	 his body was tired, but it took his brain a long time to close down.  He dreamed that Neville and Professor Sprout were waltzing around the Room of Requirement while Professor McGonagall played the bagpipes. He watched them happily for a while, then decided to go and find the other members of the DA.  But when he left the room he found himself facing, not the tapestry of Barnabas the Barmy, but a torch burning in its bracket on a stone wall. He turned his head slowly to the left. There, at the far end of the windowless passage, was a plain, black door.  He walked towards it with a sense of mounting excitement. He had the strangest feeling that this time he was going to get lucky at last, and find the way to open it . . . he was feet from it, and saw with a leap of excitement that there was a glowing strip of faint blue light down the right-hand side . . . the door was ajar . . . he stretched out his hand to push it wide and - '  Ron gave a loud, rasping, genuine snore and Harry awoke abruptly with his right hand stretched in front of him in the darkness, to open a door that was hundreds of miles away. He let it fall with a feeling of mingled disappointment and guilt. He knew he should not have seen the door, but at the same time felt so consumed with curiosity about what was behind it that he could not help feeling annoyed with Ron . . . if only he could have saved his snore for just another minute.*They entered the Great Hall for breakfast at exactly the same moment as the post owls on Monday morning. Hermione was not the only person eagerly awaiting her Daily Prophet: nearly everyone was eager for more news about the escaped Death Eaters, who, despite many reported sightings, had still not been caught. She gave the delivery owl a Knut and unfolded the newspaper eagerly while Harry helped himself to orange juice	 as he had only received one note during the entire year, he was sure, when the first owl landed with a thud in front of him, that it had made a mistake.  'Who're you after?' he asked it, languidly removing his orange juice from underneath its beak and leaning forwards to see the recipient's name and address:Harry PotterGreat HallHogwarts SchoolFrowning, he made to take the letter from the owl, but before he could do so, three, four, five more owls had fluttered down beside it and were jockeying for position, treading in the butter and knocking over the salt as each one attempted to give him their letter first.  'What's going on?' Ron asked in amazement, as the whole of Gryffindor table leaned forwards to watch and another seven owls landed amongst the first ones, screeching, hooting and flapping their wings.  'Harry!' said Hermione breathlessly, plunging her hands into the feathery mass and pulling out a screech owl bearing a long, cylindrical package. 'I think I know what this means - open this one first!'  Harry ripped off the brown packaging. Out rolled a tightly furled copy of the March edition of The Quibbler. He unrolled it to see his own face grinning sheepishly at him from the front cover. In large red letters across this picture were the words:HARRY POTTER SPEAKS OUT AT LAST:THE TRUTH ABOUT HE WHO MUST NOT BE NAMEDAND THE NIGHT I SAW HIM RETURN'It's good, isn't it?' said Luna, who had drifted over to the Gryffindor table and now squeezed herself on to the bench between Fred and Ron. 'It came out yesterday, I asked Dad to send you a free copy. I expect all these,' she waved a hand at the assembled owls still scrabbling around on the table in front of Harry, 'are letters from readers.'  Thais what I thought,' said Hermione eagerly. Harry, d'you mind if we - ?'  'Help yourself,' said Harry, feeling slightly bemused.  Ron and Hermione both started ripping open envelopes.  'This one's from a bloke who thinks you're off your rocker,' said Ron, glancing down his letter. 'Ah well . . .'  This woman recommends you try a good course of Shock Spells at St Mungo's,' said Hermione, looking disappointed and crumpling up a second.  This one looks OK, though,' said Harry slowly scanning a long letter from a witch in Paisley. 'Hey she says she believes me!'  This one's in two minds,' said Fred, who had joined in the letter-opening with enthusiasm. 'Says you don't come across as a mad person, but he really doesn't want to believe You-Know-Who's back so he doesn't know what to think now. Blimey, what a waste of parchment.'  'Here's another one you've convinced, Harry!' said Hermione excitedly. 'Having read your side of the story, I am forced to the conclusion that the Daily Prophet has treated you very unfairly . . . little though I want to think that He Who Must Not Be Named has returned, I am forced to accept that you are telling the truth . . . Oh, this is wonderful!'  'Another one who thinks you're barking,' said Ron, throwing a crumpled letter over his shoulder '. . . but this one says you've got her converted and she now thinks you're a real hero - she's put in a photograph, too - wow!'  'What is going on here?' said a falsely sweet, girlish voice.  Harry looked up with his hands full of envelopes. Professor Umbridge was standing behind Fred and Luna, her bulging toad's eyes scanning the mess of owls and letters on the table in front of Harry. Behind her he saw many of the students watching them avidly.  'Why have you got all these letters, Mr Potter?' she asked slowly.  'Is that a crime now?' said Fred loudly. 'Getting mail?'  'Be careful, Mr Weasley or I shall have to put you in detention,' said Umbridge. 'Well, Mr Potter?'  Harry hesitated, but he did not see how he could keep what he had done quiet	 it was surely only a matter of time before a copy of The Quibbler came to Umbridge's attention.  'People have written to me because I gave an interview,' said Harry. 'About what happened to me last June.'  For some reason he glanced up at the staff table as he said this. Harry had the strangest feeling that Dumbledore had been watching him a second before, but when he looked towards the Headmaster he seemed to be absorbed in conversation with Professor Flitwick.  'An interview?' repeated Umbridge, her voice thinner and higher than ever. 'What do you mean?'  'I mean a reporter asked me questions and I answered them,' said Harry. 'Here - '  And he threw the copy of The Quibbler to her. She caught it and stared down at the cover. Her pale, doughy face turned an ugly, patchy violet.  'When did you do this?' she asked, her voice trembling slightly.  'Last Hogsmeade weekend,' said Harry.  She looked up at him, incandescent with rage, the magazine shaking in her stubby fingers.  There will be no more Hogsmeade trips for you, Mr Potter,' she whispered. 'How you dare . . . how you could . . .' She took a deep breath. 'I have tried again and again to teach you not to tell lies. The message, apparently, has still not sunk in. Fifty points from Gryffindor and another week's worth of detentions.'  She stalked away, clutching The Quibbler to her chest, the eyes of many students following her.  By mid-morning enormous signs had been put up all over the school, not just on house noticeboards, but in the corridors and classrooms too.BY ORDER OF THE HIGH INQUISITOR OF HOGWARTSAny student found in possession of the magazineThe Quibbler will be expelled.The above is in accordance with Educational Decree Number Twenty-seven.Signed: Dolores Jane Umbridge, High InquisitorFor some reason, every time Hermione caught sight of one of these signs she beamed with pleasure.  'What exactly are you so happy about?' Harry asked her.  'Oh, Harry, don't you see?' Hermione breathed. 'If she could have done one thing to make absolutely sure that every single person in this school will read your interview, it was banning it!'  And it seemed that Hermione was quite right. By the end of the day, though Harry had not seen so much as a corner of The Quibbler anywhere in the school, the whole place seemed to be quoting the interview to each other. Harry heard them whispering about it as they queued up outside classes, discussing it over lunch and in the back of lessons, while Hermione even reported that every occupant of the cubicles in the girls' toilets had been talking about it when she nipped in there before Ancient Runes.  Then they spotted me, and obviously they know I know you, so they bombarded me with questions,' Hermione told Harry, her eyes shining, 'and Harry, I think they believe you, I really do. I think you've finally got them convinced!'  Meanwhile, Professor Umbridge was stalking the school, stopping students at random and demanding that they turn out their books and pockets: Harry knew she was looking for copies of The Quibbler, but the students were several steps ahead of her. Tie pages carrying Harry's interview had been bewitched to resemble extracts from textbooks if anyone but themselves read it, or else wiped magically blank until they wanted to peruse it again. Soon it seemed that every single person in the school had read it.  The teachers were of course forbidden from mentioning I ie interview by Educational Decree Number Twenty-six, but they found ways to express their feelings about it all the same. Professor Sprout awarded Gryffindor twenty points when Harry passed her a watering can	 a beaming Professor Flitwick pressed a box of squeaking sugar mice on him at the end of Charms, said, 'Shh!' and hurried away	 and Professor Trelawney broke into hysterical sobs during Divination and announced to the startled class, and a very disapproving Umbridge, that Harry was not going to suffer an early death after all, but would live to a ripe old age, become Minister for Magic and have twelve children.  But what made Harry happiest was Cho catching up with him as he was hurrying along to Transfiguration the next day. Before he knew what had happened, her hand was in his and she was breathing in his ear, 'I'm really, really sorry. That interview was so brave . . . it made me cry.'  He was sorry to hear she had shed even more tears over it, but very glad they were on speaking terms again, and even more pleased when she gave him a swift kiss on the cheek and hurried off again. And unbelievably, no sooner had he arrived outside Transfiguration than something just as good happened: Seamus stepped out of the queue to face him.  'I just wanted to say,' he mumbled, squinting at Harry's left knee, 'I believe you. And I've sent a copy of that magazine to me mam.'  If anything more was needed to complete Harry's happiness, it was the reaction he got from Malfoy Crabbe and Goyle, He saw them with their heads together later that afternoon in the library	 they were with a weedy-looking boy Hermione whispered was called Theodore Nott. They looked round at Harry as he browsed the shelves for the book he needed on Partial Vanishment: Goyle cracked his knuckles threateningly and Malfoy whispered something undoubtedly malevolent to Crabbe. Harry knew perfectly well why they were acting like this: he had named all of their fathers as Death Eaters.  'And the best bit,' whispered Hermione gleefully, as they left the library, 'is they can't contradict you, because they can't admit they've read the article!'  To cap it all, Luna told him over dinner that no issue of The Quibbler had ever sold out faster.  'Dad's reprinting!' she told Harry, her eyes popping excitedly. 'He can't believe it, he says people seem even more interested in this than the Crumple-Horned Snorkacks!'  Harry was a hero in the Gryffindor common room that night. Daringly, Fred and George had put an Enlargement Charm on the front cover of The Quibbler and hung it on the wall, so that Harry's giant head gazed down upon the proceedings, occasionally saying things like THE MINISTRY ARE MORONS' and 'EAT DUNG, UMBRIDGE' in a booming voice. Hermione did not find this very amusing	 she said it interfered with her concentration, and she ended up going to bed early out of irritation. Harry had to admit that the poster was not quite as funny after an hour or two, especially when the talking spell had started to wear off, so that it merely shouted disconnected words like 'DUNG' and 'UMBRIDGE' at more and more frequent intervals in a progressively higher voice. In fact, it started to make his head ache and his scar began prickling uncomfortably again. To disappointed moans from the many people who were s t-ting around him, asking him to relive his interview for the umpteenth time, he announced that he too needed an early night.  The dormitory was empty when he reached it. He rested his forehead for a moment against the cool glass of the window beside his bed	 it felt soothing against his scar. Then he undressed and got into bed, wishing his headache would go away. He also felt slightly sick. He rolled over on to his side, closed his eyes, and fell asleep almost at once . . .  He was standing in a dark, curtained room lit by a single branch of candles. His hands were clenched on the back of a chair in front of him. They were long-fingered and white as though they had not seen sunlight for years and looked like large, pale spiders agairst the dark velvet of the chair.  Beyond the chair, in a pool of light cast upon the floor by t'le candles, knelt a man in black robes.  'I have been badly advised, it seems,' said Harry, in a high, cold voice that pulsed with anger.  'Master, I crave your pardon,' croaked the man kneeling on the floor. The back of his head glimmered in the candlelight. He seemed to be trembling.  'I do not blame you, Rookwood,' said Harry in that cold, cruel voice.  He relinquished his grip on the chair and walked around it, closer to the man cowering on the floor, until he stood directly over him in the darkness, looking down from a far greater height than usual.  'You are sure of your facts, Rookwood?' asked Harry.  'Yes, My Lord, yes . . . I used to work in the Department aftet - 'after all . . .  'Avery told me Bode would be able to remove it.'  'Bode could never have taken it, Master . . . Bode would have known he could not . . . undoubtedly, that is why he fought so hard against Malfoy's Imperius Curse . . .  'Stand up, Rookwood,' whispered Harry.  The kneeling man almost fell over in his haste to obey. His face was pockmarked	 the scars were thrown into relief by the candlelight. He remained a little stooped when standing, as though halfway through a bow, and he darted terrified looks up at Harry's face.  'You have done well to tell me this,' said Harry. 'Very well . . . I have wasted months on fruitless schemes, it seems . . . but no matter . . . we begin again, from now. You have Lord Voldemort's gratitude, Rookwood . . .'  'My Lord . . . yes, My Lord,' gasped Rookwood, his voice hoarse with relief.  'I shall need your help. I shall need all the information you can give me.'  'Of course, My Lord, of course . . . anything . . .'  'Very well . . . you may go. Send Avery to me.'  Rookwood scurried backwards, bowing, and disappeared through a door.  Left alone in the dark room, Harry turned towards the wall. A cracked, age-spotted mirror hung on the wall in the shadows. Harry moved towards it. His reflection grew larger and clearer in the darkness . . . a face whiter than a skull . . . red eyes with slits ior pupils . . .  'NOOOOOOOOO!'  'What?' yelled a voice nearby.  Harry Hailed around madly, became entangled in the hangings and fell out of his bed. For a few seconds he did not know where he was	 he was convinced he was about to see the white, skull-like lace looming at him out of the dark again, then very near to him Ron's voice spoke.  'Will you stop acting like a maniac so I can get you out of here!'  Ron wrenched the hangings apart and Harry stared up at him in the moonlight, flat on his back, his scar searing with pain. Ron  looked as though he had just been getting ready for bed
Order of the Phoenix=The Centaur andThe Sneak'I'll bet you wish you hadn't given up Divination now, don't you, Hermione?' asked Parvati, smirking.  It was breakfast time, two days after the sacking of Professor Trelawney, and Parvati was curling her eyelashes around her wand and examining the effect in the back of her spoon. They were to have their first lesson with Firenze that morning.  'Not really,' said Hermione indifferently, who was reading the Daily Prophet. 'I've never really liked horses.'  She turned a page of the newspaper and scanned its columns.  'He's not a horse, he's a centaur!' said Lavender, sounding shocked.  'A gorgeous centaur . . .' sighed Parvati.  'Either way, he's still got four legs,' said Hermione coolly. 'Anyway, I thought you two were all upset that Trelawney had gone?'  'We are!' Lavender assured her. 'We went up to her office to see Ler	 we took her some daffodils - not the honking ones that Sprout's got, nice ones.'  'How is she?' asked Harry.  'Not very good, poor thing,' said Lavender sympathetically. 'She v/as crying and saying she'd rather leave the castle for ever than stay here where Umbridge is, and I don't blame her, Umbridge was horrible to her, wasn't she?'  'I've got a feeling Umbridge has only just started being horrible,' said Hermione darkly.  'Impossible,' said Ron, who was tucking into a large plate of eggs and bacon. 'She can't get any worse than she's been already.'  'You mark my words, she's going to want revenge on Dumbledore for appointing a new teacher without consulting her,' said Hermione, closing the newspaper. 'Especially another part-human. You saw the look on her face when she saw Firenze.'  After breakfast Hermione departed for her Arithmancy class as Harry and Ron followed Parvati and Lavender into the Entrance: Hall, heading for Divination.  'Aren't we going up to North Tower?' asked Ron, looking puzzled, as Parvati bypassed the marble staircase.  Parvati looked at him scornfully over her shoulder.  'How d'you expect Firenze to climb that ladder? We're in classroom eleven now, it was on the noticeboard yesterday.'  Classroom eleven was on the ground floor along the corridor leading off the Entrance Hall from the opposite side to the Great Hall. Harry knew it was one of those classrooms that were never used regularly, and therefore had the slightly neglected feeling of a cupboard or storeroom. When he entered it right behind Ron, and found himself in the middle of a forest clearing, he was therefore momentarily stunned.  What the - ?'  The classroom floor had become springily mossy and trees were growing out of it	 their leafy branches fanned across the ceiling and windows, so that the room was full of slanting shafts of soft, dappled, green light. The students who had already arrived were sitting on the earthy floor with their backs resting against tree trunks or boulders, arms wrapped around their knees or folded tightly across their chests, and all looking rather nervous. In the middle of the clearing, where there were no trees, stood Firenze.  'Harry Potter,' he said, holding out a hand when Harry entered.  'Er - hi,' said Harry, shaking hands with the centaur, who surveyed him unblinkingly through those astonishingly blue eyes but did not smile. 'Er - good to see you,'  'And you,' said the centaur, inclining his white-blond head. 'It was foretold that we would meet again.'  Harry noticed there was the shadow of a hoof-shaped bruise on Firenze's chest. As he turned to join the rest of the class on the ground, he saw they were all looking at him in awe, apparently deeply impressed that he was on speaking terms with Firenze. whom they seemed to find intimidating.  When the door was closed and the last student had sat down on a tree stump beside the wastepaper basket, Firenze gestured around the room.  'Professor Dumbledore has kindly arranged this classroom for us,' said Firenze, when everyone had settled down, 'in imitation of my natural habitat. I would have preferred to teach you in the Forbidden Forest, which was - until Monday - my home . . . but that is no longer possible.'  'Please - er - sir - ' said Parvati breathlessly, raising her hand, - why not? We've been in there with Hagrid, we're not frightened!'  'It is not a question of your bravery,' said Firenze, 'but of my position. I cannot return to the Forest. My herd has banished me.'  'Herd?' said Lavender in a confused voice, and Harry knew she was thinking of cows. 'What - oh!'  Comprehension dawned on her face. 'There are more of you?' she said, stunned.  'Did Hagrid breed you, like the Thestrals?' asked Dean eagerly.  Firenze turned his head very slowly to face Dean, who seemed to realise at once that he had said something very offensive.  'I didn't - I meant - sorry' he finished in a hushed voice.  'Centaurs are not the servants or playthings of humans,' said Firenze quietly. There was a pause, then Parvati raised her hand again.  'Please, sir . . . why have the other centaurs banished you?'  'Because I have agreed to work for Professor Dumbledore,' said Firenze. They see this as a betrayal of our kind.'  Harry remembered how, nearly four years ago, the centaur Bane had shouted at Firenze for allowing Harry to ride to safety on his back	 he had called him a 'common mule'. He wondered whether it had been Bane who had kicked Firenze in the chest.  'Let us begin,' said Firenze. He swished his long palomino tail, raised his hand towards the leafy canopy overhead, then lowered it slowly, and as he did so, the light in the room dimmed, so that they now seemed to be sitting in a forest clearing by twilight, and stars appeared on the ceiling. There were oohs and gasps and Ron said audibly, 'Blimey!'  'Lie back on the floor, said Firenze in his calm voice, and observe the heavens. Here is written, for those who can see, the fortune of our races.'  Harry stretched out on his back and gazed upwards at the ceiling. A twinkling red star winked at him from overhead.  'I know that you have learned the names of the planets and their moons in Astronomy,' said Firenze's calm voice, 'and that you have mapped the stars' progress through the heavens. Centaurs have unravelled the mysteries of these movements over centuries. Our findings teach us that the future may be glimpsed in the sky above us - '  'Professor Trelawney did astrology with us!' said Parvati excitedly, raising her hand in front of her so that it stuck up in the air as she lay on her back. 'Mars causes accidents and burns and things like that, and when it makes an angle to Saturn, like now - ' she drew a right-angle in the air above her '- that means people need to be extra careful when handling hot things - '  'That,' said Firenze calmly, 'is human nonsense.'  Parvati's hand fell limply to her side.  Trivial hurts, tiny human accidents,' said Firenze, as his hooves thudded over the mossy floor. These are of no more significance than the scurryings of ants to the wide universe, and are unaffected by planetary movements.'  'Professor Trelawney - ' began Parvati, in a hurt and indignant voice.  ' - is a human,' said Firenze simply. 'And is therefore blinkered and fettered by the limitations of your kind.'  Harry turned his head very slightly to look at Parvati. She looked very offended, as did several of the people surrounding her.  'Sybill Trelawney may have Seen, I do not know,' continued Firenze, and Harry heard the swishing of his tail again as he walked up and down before them, 'but she wastes her time, in the main, on the self-flattering nonsense humans call fortune-telling. I, however, am here to explain the wisdom of centaurs, which is impersonal and impartial. We watch the skies for the great tides of evil or change that are sometimes marked there. It may take ten years to be sure of what we are seeing.'  Firenze pointed to the red star directly above Harry.  'In the past decade, the indications have been that wizardkind is living through nothing more than a brief calm between two wars. Mars, bringer of battle, shines brightly above us, suggesting that the fight must soon break out again. How soon, centaurs may attempt to divine by the burning of certain herbs and leaves, by the observation of fume and flame . . .'  It was the most unusual lesson Harry had ever attended. They did indeed burn sage and mallowsweet there on the classroom floor, and Firenze told them to look for certain shapes and symbols in the pungent fumes, but he seemed perfectly unconcerned that not one of them could see any of the signs he described, telling them that humans were hardly ever good at this, that it took centaurs years and years to become competent, and finished by telling them that it was foolish to put too much faith in such things, anyway, because even centaurs sometimes read them wrongly. He was nothing like any human teacher Harry had ever had. His priority did not seem to be to teach them what he knew, but rather to impress upon them that nothing, not even centaurs' knowledge, was foolproof.  'He's not very definite on anything, is he?' said Ron in a low voice, as they put out their mallowsweet fire. 'I mean, I could do with a few more details about this war we're about to have, couldn't you?'  The bell rang right outside the classroom door and everyone jumped	 Harry had completely forgotten they were still inside the castle, and quite convinced that he was really in the Forest. The class filed out, looking slightly perplexed.  Harry and Ron were on the point of following them when Firenze called, 'Harry Potter, a word, please.'  Harry turned. The centaur advanced a little towards him. Ron hesitated.  'You may stay,' Firenze told him. 'But close the door, please.'  Ron hastened to obey.  'Harry Potter, you are a friend of Hagrid's, are you not?' said the centaur.  'Yes,' said Harry.  Then give him a warning from me. His attempt is not working. He would do better to abandon it.'  'His attempt is not working?' Harry repeated blankly.  'And he would do better to abandon it,' said Firenze, nodding. 'I would warn Hagrid myself, but I am banished - it would be unwise for me to go too near the Forest now - Hagrid has troubles enough, without a centaurs' battle.'  'But - what's Hagrid attempting to do?' said Harry nervously.  Firenze surveyed Harry impassively.  'Hagrid has recently rendered me a great service,' said Firenze, 'and he has long since earned my respect for the care he shows all living creatures. I shall not betray his secret. But he must be brought to his senses. The attempt is not working. Tell him, Harry Potter. Good-day to you.'*The happiness Harry had felt in the aftermath of The Quibbler interview had long since evaporated. As a dull March blurred into a squally April, his life seemed to have become one long series of worries and problems again.  Umbridge had continued attending all Care of Magical Creatures lessons, so it had been very difficult to deliver Firenze's warning to Hagrid. At last, Harry had managed it by pretending he'd lost his copy of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, and doubling back after class one day. When he'd repeated Firenze's words, Hagrid gazed at him for a moment through his puffy, blackened eyes, apparently taken aback. Then he seemed to pull himself together.  'Nice bloke, Firenze,' he said gruffly 'but he don' know what he's talkin' abou' on this. The attemp's comin' on fine.'  'Hagrid, what're you up to?' asked Harry seriously. 'Because you've got to be careful, Umbridge has already sacked Trelawney and, if you ask me, she's on a roll. If you're doing anything you shouldn't be, you'll be - '  There's things more importan' than keepin' a job,' said Hagrid. though his hands shook slightly as he said this and a basin full of Knarl droppings crashed to the floor. 'Don' worry abou' me, Harry, jus' get along now, there's a good lad.'  Harry had no choice but to leave Hagrid mopping up the dung all over his floor, but he felt thoroughly dispirited as he trudged back up to the castle.  Meanwhile, as the teachers and Hermione persisted in reminding them, the OWLs were drawing ever nearer. All the fifth-years were suffering from stress to some degree, but Hannah Abbott became the first to receive a Calming Draught from Madam Pomfrey after she burst into tears during Herbology and sobbed that she was too stupid to take exams and wanted to leave school now.  If it had not been for the DA lessons, Harry thought he would have been extremely unhappy. He sometimes felt he was living for the hours he spent in the Room of Requirement, working hard but thoroughly enjoying himself at the same time, swelling with pride as he looked around at his fellow DA members and saw how far they had come. Indeed, Harry sometimes wondered how Umbridge was going to react when all the members of the DA received 'Outstanding' in their Defence Against the Dark Arts OWLs.  They had finally started work on Patronuses, which everybody had been very keen to practise, though, as Harry kept reminding them, producing a Patronus in the middle of a brightly lit classroom when they were not under threat was very different from producing it when confronted by something like a Dementor.  'Oh, don't be such a killjoy,' said Cho brightly, watching her silvery swan-shaped Patronus soar around the Room of Requirement C-Uring their last lesson before Easter. They're so pretty!'  They're not supposed to be pretty, they're supposed to protect you,' said Harry patiently. 'What we really need is a Boggart or something	 that's how I learned, I had to conjure a Patronus while t'le Boggart was pretending to be a Dementor - '  'But that would be really scary!' said Lavender, who was shooting puffs of silver vapour out of the end of her wand. 'And I still - 'can't - do it!' she added angrily.  Neville was having trouble, Loo. His Face was screwed up in concentration, but only feeble wisps of silver smoke issued from his wand tip.  'You've got to think of something happy,' Harry reminded him.  'I'm trying,' said Neville miserably, who was trying so hard his round face was actually shining with sweat.  'Harry, I think I'm doing it!' yelled Seamus, who had been brought along to his first ever DA meeting by Dean. 'Look - ah - 'it's gone . . . but it was definitely something hairy, Harry!'  Hermione's Patronus, a shining silver otter, was gambolling around her.  They are sort of nice, aren't they?' she said, looking at it fondly.  The door of the Room of Requirement opened, and closed. Harry looked round to see who had entered, but there did not seem to be anybody there. It was a few moments before he realised that the people close to the door had fallen silent. Next thing he knew, something was tugging at his robes somewhere near the knee. He looked down and saw, to his very great astonishment, Dobby the house-elf peering up at him from beneath his usual eight woolly hats.  'Hi, Dobby!' he said. 'What are you - What's wrong?'  The elf's eyes were wide with terror and he was shaking. The members of the DA closest to Harry had fallen silent	 everybody in the room was watching Dobby. The few Patronuses people had managed to conjure faded away into silver mist, leaving the room looking much darker than before.  'Harry Potter, sir . . .' squeaked the elf, trembling from head to foot, 'Harry Potter, sir . . . Dobby has come to warn you . . . but the house-elves have been warned not to tell . . .'  He ran head-first at the wall. Harry, who had some experience of Dobby s habits of self-punishment, made to seize him, but Dobby merely bounced off the stone, cushioned by his eight hats. Hermione and a few of the other girls let out squeaks of fear and sympathy.  'What's happened, Dobby?' Harry asked, grabbing the elf's tiny arm and holding him away from anything with which he might seek to hurt himself.  'Harry Potter . . . she . . . she . . .'  Dobby hit himself hard on the nose with his free fist. Harry seized that, too.  'Who's she, Dobby?'  But he thought he knew	 surely only one 'she' could induce such fear in Dobby? The elf looked up at him, slightly cross-eyed, and mouthed wordlessly.  'Umbridge?' asked Harry, horrified.  Dobby nodded, then tried to bang his head on Harry's knees. Harry held him at arm's length.  'What about her? Dobby - she hasn't found out about this - 'about us - about the DA?'  He read the answer in the elf's stricken face. His hands held fast by Harry, the elf tried to kick himself and fell to the floor.  'Is she coming?' Harry asked quietly.  Dobby let out a howl, and began beating his bare feet hard on the floor.  'Yes, Harry Potter, yes!'  Harry straightened up and looked around at the motionless, terrified people gazing at the thrashing elf.  'WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?' Harry bellowed. 'RUN!'  They all pelted towards the exit at once, forming a scrum at the door, then people burst through. Harry could hear them sprinting along the corridors and hoped they had the sense not to try and make it all the way to their dormitories. It was only ten to nine	 if they just took refuge in the library or the Owlery, which were both nearer - '  'Harry, come on!' shrieked Hermione from the centre of the knot of people now fighting to get out.  He scooped up Dobby, who was still attempting to do himself serious injury, and ran with the elf in his arms to join the back of the queue.  'Dobby - this is an order - get back down to the kitchen with the other elves and, if she asks you whether you warned me, lie and say no!' said Harry. 'And I forbid you to hurt yourself!' he added, dropping the elf as he made it over the threshold at last and slammed the door behind him.  Thank you, Harry Potter!' squeaked Dobby, and he streaked off. Harry glanced left and right, the others were all moving so fast he :aught only glimpses of flying heels at either end of the corridor before they vanished	 he started to run right	 there was a boys' bathroom up ahead, he could pretend he'd been in there all the time if he could just reach it - '  'AAARGH!  Something caught him around the ankles and he fell spectacularly, skidding along on his front for six feet before coming to a halt. Someone behind him was laughing. He rolled over on to his, back and saw Malfoy concealed in a niche beneath an ugly dragon-shaped vase.  'Trip Jinx, Potter!' he said. 'Hey, Professor - PROFESSOR! I've got one!'  Umbridge came bustling round the far corner, breathless but wearing a delighted smile.  'It's him!' she said jubilantly at the sight of Harry on the floor, 'Excellent, Draco, excellent, oh, very good - fifty points to Slytherin! I'll take him from here . . . stand up, Potter!'  Harry got to his feet, glaring at the pair of them. He had never seen Umbridge looking so happy. She seized his arm in a vice-like grip and turned, beaming broadly, to Malfoy.  'You hop along and see if you can round up any more of them, Draco,' she said. 'Tell the others to look in the library - anybody out of breath - check the bathrooms, Miss Parkinson can do the girls' ones - off you go - and you,' she added in her softest, mos: dangerous voice, as Malfoy walked away, 'you can come with me to the Headmaster's office, Potter.'  They were at the stone gargoyle within minutes. Harry wondered how many of the others had been caught. He thought of Ron - Mrs Weasley would kill him - and of how Hermione would feel if she was expelled before she could take her OWLs. And it had been Seamus's very first meeting . . . and Neville had been getting so good . . .  'Fizzing Whizzbee,' sang Umbridge	 the stone gargoyle jumped aside, the wall behind split open, and they ascended the moving stone staircase. They reached the polished door with the griffin knocker, but Umbridge did not bother to knock, she strode straight inside, still holding tight to Harry.  The office was full of people. Dumbledore was sitting behind his desk, his expression serene, the tips of his long fingers together. Professor McGonagall stood rigidly beside him, her face extremely tense. Cornelius Fudge, Minister for Magic, was rocking backwards and forwards on his toes beside the fire, apparently immensely pleased with the situation	 Kingsley Shacklebolt and a tough-looking wizard with very short wiry hair whom Harry did not recognise, were positioned either side of the door like guards, and the freckled, bespectacled form of Percy Weasley hovered excitedly beside the wall, a quill and a heavy scroll of parchment in his hands, apparently poised to take notes.  The portraits of old headmasters and headmistresses were not shamming sleep tonight. All of them were alert and serious, watching what was happening below them. As Harry entered, a few flitted into neighbouring frames and whispered urgently into their neighbour's ear.  Harry pulled himself free of Umbridge's grasp as the door swung shut behind them. Cornelius Fudge was glaring at him with a kind of vicious satisfaction on his face.  'Well,' he said. 'Well, well, well . . .'  Harry replied with the dirtiest look he could muster. His heart drummed madly inside him, but his brain was oddly cool and clear.  'He was heading back to Gryffindor Tower,' said Umbridge. There was an indecent excitement in her voice, the same callous pleasure Harry had heard as she watched Professor Trelawney dissolving with misery in the Entrance Hall. The Malfoy boy cornered him.'  'Did he, did he?' said Fudge appreciatively. 'I must remember to tell Lucius. Well, Potter . . . I expect you know why you are here?'  Harry fully intended to respond with a defiant 'yes': his mouth had opened and the word was half-formed when he caught sight of Dumbledore's face. Dumbledore was not looking directly at Harry - his eyes were fixed on a point just over his shoulder - but as Harry stared at him, he shook his head a fraction of an inch to each side.  Harry changed direction mid-word.  'Ye - no.'  'I beg your pardon?' said Fudge.  'No,' said Harry, firmly.  You don t know why you are here?'  'No, I don't,' said Harry.  Fudge looked incredulously from Harry to Professor Umbridge. Harry took advantage of his momentary inattention to steal another quick look at Dumbledore, who gave the carpet the tiniest of nods and the shadow of a wink.  'So you have no idea,' said Fudge, in a voice positively sagging with sarcasm, 'why Professor Umbridge has brought you to this office? You are not aware that you have broken any school rules?'  'School rules?' said Harry. 'No.'  'Or Ministry Decrees?' amended Fudge angrily.  'Not that I'm aware of,' said Harry blandly.  His heart was still hammering very fast. It was almost worth telling these lies to watch Fudges blood pressure rising, but he could not see how on earth he would get away with them	 if somebody had tipped off Umbridge about the DA then he, the leader, might as well be packing his trunk right now.  'So, it's news to you, is it,' said Fudge, his voice now thick with anger, 'that an illegal student organisation has been discovered within this school?'  'Yes, it is,' said Harry, hoisting an unconvincing look of innocent surprise on to his face.  'I think, Minister,' said Umbridge silkily from beside him, 'we might make better progress if I fetch our informant.'  'Yes, yes, do,' said Fudge, nodding, and he glanced maliciously at Dumbledore as Umbridge left the room. There's nothing like a good witness, is there, Dumbledore?'  'Nothing at all, Cornelius,' said Dumbledore gravely, inclining his head.  There was a wait of several minutes, in which nobody looked at each other, then Harry heard the door open behind him. Umbridge moved past him into the room, gripping by the shoulder Cho's curly-haired friend, Marietta, who was hiding her face in her hands.  'Don't be scared, dear, don't be frightened,' said Professor Umbridge softly, patting her on the back, 'it's quite all right, now. You have done the right thing. The Minister is very pleased with you. He'll be telling your mother what a good girl you've been.  Marietta's mother, Minister,' she added, looking up at Fudge, 'is Madam Edgecombe from the Department of Magical Transportation, Floo Network office - she's been helping us police the Hogwarts lins, you know.'  'Jolly good, jolly good!' said Fudge heartily. 'Like mother, like daughter, eh? Well, come on, now, dear, look up, don't be shy, let's hear what you've got to - galloping gargoyles!'  As Marietta raised her head, Fudge leapt backwards in shock, nearly landing himself in the fire. He cursed, and stamped on the hem of his cloak which had started to smoke. Marietta gave a wail and pulled the neck of her robes right up to her eyes, but not before everyone had seen that her face was horribly disfigured by a series of close-set purple pustules that had spread across her nose and cheeks to form the word 'SNEAK'.  'Never mind the spots now, dear,' said Umbridge impatiently, 'just take your robes away from your mouth and tell the Minister - '  But Marietta gave another muffled wail and shook her head frantically.  'Oh, very well, you silly girl, I'll tell him,' snapped Umbridge. She hitched her sickly smile back on to her face and said, 'Well, Minister, Miss Edgecombe here came to my office shortly after dinner this evening and told me she had something she wanted to tell me. She said that if I proceeded to a secret room on the seventh floor, sometimes known as the Room of Requirement, I would find out something to my advantage. I questioned her a little further and she admitted that there was to be some kind of meeting there. Unfortunately, at that point this hex,' she waved impatiently at Marietta's concealed face, 'came into operation and upon catching sight of her face in my mirror the girl became too distressed to tell me any more.'  'Well, now,' said Fudge, fixing Marietta with what he evidently imagined was a kind and fatherly look, 'it is very brave of you, my dear, coming to tell Professor Umbridge. You did exactly the right thing. Now, will you tell me what happened at this meeting? What was its purpose? Who was there?'  But Marietta would not speak
Order of the Phoenix=Snapes Worst MemoryBY ORDER OF THE MINISTRY OF MAGICDolores Jane Umbridge (High Inquisitor) has replacedAlbus Dumbledore as Head of Hogwarts School ofWitchcraft and Wizardry.The above is in accordance with Educational Decree Number Twenty-eight.Signed: Cornelius Oswald Fudge, Minister for MagicThe notices had gone up all around the school overnight, but they did not explain how every single person within the castle seemed to know that Dumbledore had overcome two Aurors, the High Inquisitor, the Minister for Magic and his Junior Assistant to escape. No matter where Harry went within the castle, the sole topic of conversation was Dumbledore's flight, and though some of the details may have gone awry in the retelling (Harry overheard one second-year girl assuring another that Fudge was now lying in St Mungo's with a pumpkin for a head) it was surprising how accurate the rest of their information was. Everybody knew, for instance, that Harry and Marietta were the only students to have witnessed the scene in Dumbledore's office and, as Marietta was now in the hospital wing, Harry found himself besieged with requests to give a first-hand account.  'Dumbledore will be back before long,' said Ernie Macmillan confidently on the way back from Herbology, after listening intently to Harry's story. They couldn't keep him away in our second year and they won't be able to this time. The Fat Friar told me - ' he dropped his voice conspiratorially, so that Harry, Ron and Hermione had to lean closer to him to hear '- that Umbridge tried to get back into his office last night after they'd searched the castle and grounds for him. Couldn't get past the gargoyle. The Head's office has sealed itself against her.' Ernie smirked. 'Apparently, she had a right little tantrum.'  'Oh, I expect she really fancied herself sitting up there in the Head's office,' said Hermione viciously, as they walked up the stone steps into the Entrance Hall. 'Lording it over all the other teachers, the stupid puffed-up, power-crazy old - '  'Now, do you really want to finish that sentence, Granger?'  Draco Malfoy had slid out from behind the door, closely followed by Crabbe and Goyle. His pale, pointed face was alight w th malice.  'Afraid I'm going to have to dock a few points from Gryffincor and Hufflepuff,' he drawled.  'It's only teachers who can dock points from houses, Malfoy,' said Ernie at once.  'Yeah, we're prefects, too, remember?' snarled Ron.  'I know prefects can't dock points, Weasel King,' sneered Maltby. Crabbe and Goyle sniggered. 'But members of the Inquisitorial Squad - '  'The what?' said Hermione sharply.  'The Inquisitorial Squad, Granger,' said Malfoy, pointing towards a tiny silver 'I' on his robes just beneath his prefect's badge. 'A select group of students who are supportive of the Ministry of Magic, hand-picked by Professor Umbridge. Anyway, members of the Inquisitorial Squad do have the power to dock points . . . so, Granger, I'll have five from you for being rude about our new Headmistress. Macmillan, five for contradicting me. Five because I don't like you, Potter. Weasley, your shirt's untucked, so I'll have another five for that. Oh yeah, I forgot, you're a Mudblood, Granger, so ten off for that.'  Ron pulled out his wand, but Hermione pushed it away, whispering, 'Don't!'  'Wise move, Granger,' breathed Malfoy. 'New Head, new times . . . be good now, Potty . . . Weasel King . . .'  Laughing heartily, he strode away with Crabbe and Goyle.  'He was bluffing,' said Ernie, looking appalled. 'He can't be allowed to dock points . . . that would be ridiculous . . . it would completely undermine the prefect system.'  But Harry, Ron and Hermione had turned automatically towards the giant hour-glasses set in niches along the wall behind them, which recorded the house-points. Gryffindor and Ravenclaw had been neck and neck in the lead that morning. Even as they watched, stones flew upwards, reducing the amounts in the lower bulbs. In fact, the only glass that seemed unchanged was the emerald-filled one of Slytherin.  'Noticed, have you?' said Fred's voice.  He and George had just come down the marble staircase and joined Harry, Ron, Hermione and Ernie in front of the hour-glasses.  'Malfoy just docked us all about fifty points,' said Harry furiously, as they watched several more stones fly upwards from the Gryffindor hour-glass.  'Yeah, Montague tried to do us during break,' said George.  'What do you mean, tried?' said Ron quickly.  'He never managed to get all the words out,' said Fred, 'due to the fact that we forced him head-first into that Vanishing Cabinet on the first floor.'  Hermione looked very shocked.  'But you'll get into terrible trouble!'  'Not until Montague reappears, and that could take weeks, I dunno where we sent him,' said Fred coolly. 'Anyway . . . we've decided we don't care about getting into trouble any more.'  'Have you ever?' asked Hermione.  'Course we have,' said George. 'Never been expelled, have we?'  'We've always known where to draw the line,' said Fred.  We might have put a toe across it occasionally,' said George.  'But we've always stopped short of causing real mayhem,' said Fred.  'But now?' said Ron tentatively.  'Well, now -' said George.  ' - what with Dumbledore gone - ' said Fred.  ' - we reckon a bit of mayhem - ' said George.  ' - is exactly what our dear new Head deserves,' said Fred.  'You mustn't!' whispered Hermione. 'You really mustn't! She'd love a reason to expel you!'  'You don't get it, Hermione, do you?' said Fred, smiling at her. 'We don't care about staying any more. We'd walk out right now if we weren't determined to do our bit for Dumbledore first. So, anyway,' he checked his watch, 'phase one is about to begin. I'd get in the Great Hall for lunch, if I were you, that way the teachers will see you can't have had anything to do with it.'  'Anything to do with what?' said Hermione anxiously.  'You'll see,' said George. 'Run along, now.'  Fred and George turned away and disappeared into the swelling crowd descending the stairs towards lunch. Looking highly disconcerted, Ernie muttered something about unfinished Transfiguration homework and scurried away.  'I think we should get out of here, you know,' said Hermione nervously. 'Just in case  'Yeah, all right,' said Ron, and the three of them moved towards the doors to the Great Hall, but Harry had barely glimpsed the day's ceiling of scudding white clouds when somebody tapped him on the shoulder and, turning, he found himself almost nose-to-nose with Filch the caretaker. He took several hasty steps backwards	 Filch was best viewed at a distance.  The Headmistress would like to see you, Potter,' he leered.  'I didn't do it,' said Harry stupidly, thinking of whatever Fred and George were planning. Filch's jowls wobbled with silent laughter.  'Guilty conscience, eh?' he wheezed. 'Follow me.'  Harry glanced back at Ron and Hermione, who were both looking worried. He shrugged, and followed Filch back into the Entrance Hall, against the tide of hungry students.  Filch seemed to be in an extremely good mood	 he hummed creakily under his breath as they climbed the marble staircase. As they reached the first landing he said, Things are changing around here, Potter.'  'I've noticed,' said Harry coldly.  'Yerse . . . I've been telling Dumbledore for years and years he's too soft with you all,' said Filch, chuckling nastily. 'You filthy little beasts would never have dropped Stink Pellets if you'd known I had it in my power to whip you raw, would you, now? Nobody would have thought of throwing Fanged Frisbees down the corridors if I could've strung you up by the ankles in my office, would they? But when Educational Decree Number Twenty-nine comes in, Potter, I'll be allowed to do them things . . . and she's asked the Minister to sign an order for the expulsion of Peeves . . . oh, things are going to be very different around here with her in charge  Umbridge had obviously gone to some lengths to get Filch on her side, Harry thought, and the worst of it was that he would probably prove an important weapon	 his knowledge of the school's secret passageways and hiding places was probably second only to that of the Weasley twins.  'Here we are,' he said, leering down at Harry as he rapped three times on Professor Umbridge's door and pushed it open. The Potter boy to see you, Ma'am.'  Umbridge's office, so very familiar to Harry from his many detentions, was the same as usual except for the large wooden block lying across the front of her desk on which golden letters spelled the word: HEADMISTRESS. Also, his Firebolt and Fred and George's Cleansweeps, which he saw with a pang, were chained and padlocked to a stout iron peg in the wall behind the desk.  Umbridge was sitting behind the desk, busily scribbling on some of her pink parchment, but she looked up and smiled widely at their entrance.  'Thank you, Argus,' she said sweetly.  'Not at all, Ma'am, not at all,' said Filch, bowing as low as his rheumatism would permit, and exiting backwards.  'Sit,' said Umbridge curtly, pointing towards a chair. Harry sat. She continued to scribble for a few moments. He watched some of the foul kittens gambolling around the plates over her head, wondering what fresh horror she had in store for him.  'Well, now,' she said finally, setting down her quill and surveying him complacently, like a toad about to swallow a particularly juicy fly. 'What would you like to drink?'  'What? said Harry, quite sure he had misheard her.  To drink, Mr Potter,' she said, smiling still more widely. Tea? Coffee? Pumpkin juice?'  As she named each drink, she gave her short wand a wave, and a cup or glass of it appeared on her desk.  'Nothing, thank you,' said Harry.  'I wish you to have a drink with me,' she said, her voice becoming dangerously sweet. 'Choose one.'  'Fine . . . tea then,' said Harry shrugging.  She got up and made quite a performance of adding milk w.th her back to him. She then bustled around the desk with it, smiling in a sinisterly sweet fashion.  There,' she said, handing it to him. 'Drink it before it gets cold, won't you? Well, now, Mr Potter . . . I thought we ought to have a little chat, after the distressing events of last night.'  He said nothing. She settled herself back into her seat and waited. When several long moments had passed in silence, she said gaily, 'You're not drinking up!'  He raised the cup to his lips and then, just as suddenly, lowered it. One of the horrible painted kittens behind Umbridge had great round blue eyes just like Mad-Eye Moody's magical one and it had just occurred to Harry what Mad-Eye would say if he ever heard that Harry had drunk anything offered by a known enemy.  'What's the matter?' said Umbridge, who was still watching him closely. 'Do you want sugar?'  'No,' said Harry.  He raised the cup to his lips again and pretended to take a sip, though keeping his mouth tightly closed. Umbridge's smile widened.  'Good,' she whispered. 'Very good. Now then . . .' She leaned forwards a little. 'Where is Albus Dumbledore?'  'No idea,' said Harry promptly.  'Drink up, drink up,' she said, still smiling. 'Now, Mr Potter, let us not play childish games. I know that you know where he has gone. You and Dumbledore have been in this together from the beginning. Consider your position, Mr Potter . . .'  'I don't know where he is,' Harry repeated.  He pretended to drink again. She was watching him very closely.  'Very well,' she said, though she looked displeased. 'In that case, you will kindly tell me the whereabouts of Sirius Black.'  Harry's stomach turned over and his hand holding the teacup shook so that it rattled in its saucer. He tilted the cup to his mouth with his lips pressed together, so that some of the hot liquid trickled down on to his robes.  'I don't know,' he said, a little too quickly.  'Mr Potter,' said Umbridge, 'let me remind you that it was I who almost caught the criminal Black in the Gryffindor fire in October. I know perfectly well it was you he was meeting and if I had had any proof neither of you would be at large today, I promise you. I repeat, Mr Potter . . . where is Sirius Black?'  'No idea,' said Harry loudly. 'Haven't got a clue.'  They stared at each other so long that Harry felt his eyes watering. Then Umbridge stood up.  'Very well, Potter, I will take your word for it this time, but be warned: the might of the Ministry stands behind me. All channels of communication in and out of this school are being monitored. A Floo Network Regulator is keeping watch over every fire in Hogwarts - except my own, of course. My Inquisitorial Squad is opening and reading all owl post entering and leaving the castle. And Mr Filch is observing all secret passages in and out of the castle. If I find a shred of evidence . . .'  BOOM!  The very floor of the office shook. Umbridge slipped sideways, clutching her desk for support, and looking shocked.  'What was - ?'  She was gazing towards the door. Harry took the opportunity to empty his almost-full cup of tea into the nearest vase of dried flowers. He could hear people running and screaming several floors below.  'Back to lunch you go, Potter!' cried Umbridge, raising her wand and dashing out of the office. Harry gave her a few seconds' start, then hurried after her to see what the source of all the uproar was.  It was not difficult to find. One floor down, pandemonium reigned. Somebody (and Harry had a very shrewd idea who) had set off what seemed to be an enormous crate of enchanted fireworks.  Dragons comprised entirely of green and gold sparks were soaring up and down the corridors, emitting loud fiery blasts and bangs as they went	 shocking-pink Catherine wheels five feet in diameter were whizzing lethally through the air like so many flying saucers	 rockets with long tails of brilliant silver stars were ricocheting off the walls	 sparklers were writing swear words in midair of their own accord	 firecrackers were exploding like mines everywhere Harry looked, and instead of burning themselves out, fading from sight or fizzling to a halt, these pyrotechnical miracles seemed to be gaining in energy and momentum the longer he watched.  Filch and Umbridge were standing, apparently transfixed in horror, halfway down the stairs. As Harry watched, one of the larger Catherine wheels seemed to decide that what it needed was more room to manoeuvre	 it whirled towards Umbridge and Filch with a sinister 'wheeeeeeeeee'. They both yelled with fright and ducked, and it soared straight out of the window behind them and off across the grounds. Meanwhile, several of the dragons and a large purple bat that was smoking ominously took advantage of the open door at the end of the corridor to escape towards the second floor.  'Hurry, Filch, hurry!' shrieked Umbridge, 'they'll be all over the school unless we do something - Stupefy!'  A jet of red light shot out of the end of her wand and hit one of the rockets. Instead of freezing in midair, it exploded with such force that it blasted a hole in a painting of a soppy-looking witch in the middle of a meadow	 she ran for it just in time, reappearing seconds later squashed into the next painting, where a couple of wizards playing cards stood up hastily to make room for her.  'Don't Stun them, Filch!' shouted Umbridge angrily, for all the world as though it had been his incantation.  'Right you are, Headmistress!' wheezed Filch, who as a Squib could no more have Stunned the fireworks than swallowed them. He dashed to a nearby cupboard, pulled out a broom and began swatting at the fireworks in midair	 within seconds the head of the broom was ablaze.  Harry had seen enough	 laughing, he ducked down low, ran to a door he knew was concealed behind a tapestry a little way along the corridor and slipped through it to find Fred and George hiding just behind it, listening to Umbridge and Filch's yells and quaking with suppressed mirth.  'Impressive,' Harry said quietly, grinning. 'Very impressive . . . you'll put Dr Filibuster out of business, no problem . . .'  'Cheers,' whispered George, wiping tears of laughter from his face. 'Oh, I hope she tries Vanishing them next . . . they multiply by ten every time you try.'  The fireworks continued to burn and to spread all over the school that afternoon. Though they caused plenty of disruption, particularly the firecrackers, the other teachers didn't seem to mind them very much.  'Dear, dear,' said Professor McGonagall sardonically, as one of the dragons soared around her classroom, emitting loud bangs and exhaling flame. 'Miss Brown, would you mind running along to the Headmistress and informing her that we have an escaped firework in our classroom?'  The upshot of it all was that Professor Umbridge spent her first afternoon as Headmistress running all over the school answering the summonses of the other teachers, none of whom seemed able to rid their rooms of the fireworks without her. When the final bell rang and they were heading back to Gryffindor Tower with their bags, Harry saw, with immense satisfaction, a dishevelled and soot-blackened Umbridge tottering sweaty-faced from Professor Flitwick's classroom.  Thank you so much, Professor!' said Professor Flitwick in his squeaky little voice. 'I could have got rid of the sparklers myself, of course, but I wasn't sure whether or not I had the authority.'  Beaming, he closed his classroom door in her snarling face.  Fred and George were heroes that night in the Gryffindor common room. Even Hermione fought her way through the excited crowd to congratulate them.  They were wonderful fireworks,' she said admiringly.  Thanks,' said George, looking both surprised and pleased. 'Weasleys' Wildfire Whiz-bangs. Only thing is, we used our whole stock	 we're going to have to start again from scratch now.'  'It was worth it, though,' said Fred, who was taking orders from clamouring Gryffindors. 'If you want to add your name to the waiting list, Hermione, it's five Galleons for your Basic Blaze box and twenty for the Deflagration Deluxe . . .'  Hermione returned to the table where Harry and Ron were sitting staring at their schoolbags as though hoping their homework would spring out and start doing itself.  'Oh, why don't we have a night off?' said Hermione brightly, as a silver-tailed Weasley rocket zoomed past the window. 'After all, the Easter holidays start on Friday, we'll have plenty of time then.'  'Are you feeling all right?' Ron asked, staring at her in disbelief.  'Now you mention it,' said Hermione happily, 'd'you know . . . I think I'm feeling a bit . . . rebellious.'  Harry could still hear the distant bangs of escaped firecrackers when he and Ron went up to bed an hour later	 and as he got undressed a sparkler floated past the tower, still resolutely spelling out the word 'POO'.  He got into bed, yawning. With his glasses off, the occasional firework passing the window had become blurred, looking like sparkling clouds, beautiful and mysterious against the black sky. He turned on to his side, wondering how Umbridge was feeling about her first day in Dumbledore's job, and how Fudge would react when he heard that the school had spent most of the day in a state of advanced disruption. Smiling to himself, Harry closed his eyes . . .  The whizzes and bangs of escaped fireworks in the grounds seemed to be growing more distant . . . or perhaps he was simply speeding away from them . . .  He had fallen right into the corridor leading to the Department of Mysteries. He was speeding towards the plain black door . . . let it open . . . let it open . . .  It did. He was inside the circular room lined with doors . . . he crossed it, placed his hand on an identical door and it swung inwards . . .  Now he was in a long, rectangular room full of an odd mechanical clicking. There were dancing flecks of light on the walls but he did not pause to investigate . . . he had to go on . . .  There was a door at the far end . . . it, too, opened at his touch . . .  And now he was in a dimly lit room as high and wide as a church, full of nothing but rows and rows of towering shelves, each laden with small, dusty, spun-glass spheres . . . now Harry's heart was beating fast with excitement . . . he knew where to go . . . he ran forwards, but his footsteps made no noise in the enormous, deserted room . . .  There was something in this room he wanted very, very much . . .  Something he wanted . . . or somebody else wanted . . .  His scar was hurting . . .  BANG!  Harry awoke instantly, confused and angry. The dark dormitory was full of the sound of laughter.  'Cool!' said Seamus, who was silhouetted against the window. 'I think one of those Catherine wheels hit a rocket and it's like they mated, come and see!'  Harry heard Ron and Dean scramble out of bed for a better look. He lay quite still and silent while the pain in his scar subsided and disappointment washed over him. He felt as though a wonderful treat had been snatched from him at the very last moment . . . he had got so close that time.  Glittering pink and silver winged piglets were now soaring past the windows of Gryffindor Tower. Harry lay and listened to the appreciative whoops of Gryffindors in the dormitories below them. His stomach gave a sickening jolt as he remembered that he had Occlumency the following evening.*Harry spent the whole of the next day dreading what Snape was going to say if he found out how much further into the Department of Mysteries Harry had penetrated during his last dream. With a surge of guilt he realised that he had not practised Occlumency once since their last lesson: there had been too much going on since Dumbledore had left
Order of the Phoenix=Careers Advice'But why haven't you got Occlumency lessons any more?' said Hermione, frowning.  'I've told you,' Harry muttered. 'Snape reckons I can carry on by myself now I've got the basics.'  'So you've stopped having funny dreams?' said Hermione sceptically.  'Pretty much,' said Harry, not looking at her.  'Well, I don't think Snape should stop until you're absolutely sure you can control them!' said Hermione indignantly. 'Harry, I think you should go back to him and ask - '  'No,' said Harry forcefully. 'Just drop it, Hermione, OK?'  It was the first day of the Easter holidays and Hermione, as was her custom, had spent a large part of the day drawing up revision timetables for the three of them. Harry and Ron had let her do it	 ii. was easier than arguing with her and, in any case, they might come in useful.  Ron had been startled to discover there were only six weeks left until their exams.  'How can that come as a shock?' Hermione demanded, as she tapped each little square on Ron's timetable with her wand so that il flashed a different colour according to its subject.  'I dunno,' said Ron, 'there's been a lot going on.'  'Well, there you are,' she said, handing him his timetable, 'if you follow that you should do fine.'  Ron looked down it gloomily, but then brightened.  'You've given me an evening off every week!'  'That's for Quidditch practice,' said Hermione.  The smile faded from Ron's face.  'What's the point?' he said dully. 'We've got about as much chance of winning the Quidditch Cup this year as Dad's got of becoming Minister for Magic.'  Hermione said nothing	 she was looking at Harry, who was staring blankly at the opposite wall of the common room while Crookshanks pawed at his hand, trying to get his ears scratched.  'What's wrong, Harry?'  'What?' he said quickly. 'Nothing.'  He seized his copy of Defensive Magical Theory and pretended to be looking something up in the index. Crookshanks gave him up as a bad job and slunk away under Hermione's chair.  'I saw Cho earlier,' said Hermione tentatively. 'She looked really miserable, too . . . have you two had a row again?'  'Wha- oh, yeah, we have,' said Harry, seizing gratefully on the excuse.  'What about?'  That sneak friend of hers, Marietta,' said Harry.  'Yeah, well, I don't blame you!' said Ron angrily, setting down his revision timetable. 'If it hadn't been for her . . .'  Ron went into a rant about Marietta Edgecombe, which Harry found helpful	 all he had to do was look angry, nod and say 'Yeah' and That's right' whenever Ron drew breath, leaving his mind free to dwell, ever more miserably, on what he had seen in the Pensieve.  He felt as though the memory of it was eating him from inside. He had been so sure his parents were wonderful people that he had never had the slightest difficulty in disbelieving the aspersions Snape cast on his father's character. Hadn't people like Hagrid and Sirius told Harry how wonderful his father had been? (Yeah, well, look what Sirius was like himself, said a nagging voice inside Harry's head . . . he was as bad, wasn't he?) Yes, he had once overheard Professor McGonagall saying that his father and Sirius had been troublemakers at school, but she had described them as forerunners of the Weasley twins, and Harry could not imagine Fred and George dangling someone upside-down for the fun of it . . . not unless they really loathed them . . . perhaps Malfoy or somebody who really deserved it .  Harry tried to make a case for Snape having deserved what he had suffered at James's hands: but hadn't Lily asked, 'What's he done to you?' And hadn't James replied, 'It's more the fact that he exists, if you know what I mean.' Hadn't James started it all simply because Sirius had said he was bored? Harry remembered Lupin saying back in Grimmauld Place that Dumbledore had made him prefect in the hope that he would be able to exercise some control over James and Sirius . . . but in the Pensieve, he had sat there and let it all happen . . .  Harry kept reminding himself that Lily had intervened	 his mother had been decent. Yet, the memory of the look on her face as she had shouted at James disturbed him quite as much as anything else	 she had clearly loathed James, and Harry simply could not understand how they could have ended up married. Once or twice he even wondered whether James had forced her into it . . .  For nearly five years the thought of his father had been a source of comfort, of inspiration. Whenever someone had told him he was like James, he had glowed with pride inside. And now . . . now he felt cold and miserable at the thought of him.  The weather grew breezier, brighter and warmer as the Easter holidays passed, but Harry, along with the rest of the fifth- and seventh-years, was trapped inside, revising, traipsing back and forth to the library. Harry pretended his bad mood had no other cause but the approaching exams, and as his fellow Gryffindors were sick of studying themselves, his excuse went unchallenged.  'Harry, I'm talking to you, can you hear me?'  'Huh?'  He looked round. Ginny Weasley, looking very windswept, had joined him at the library table where he had been sitting alone. It was late on Sunday evening: Hermione had gone back to Gryffindor Tower to revise Ancient Runes, and Ron had Quidditch practice.  'Oh, hi,' said Harry, pulling his books towards him. 'How come you're not at practice?'  'It's over,' said Ginny. 'Ron had to take Jack Sloper up to the hospital wing.'  'Why?'  'Well, we're not sure, but we think he knocked himself out with  his own bat.' She sighed heavily. 'Anyway . . . a package just arrived, it's only just got through Umbridge's new screening process.'  She hoisted a box wrapped in brown paper on to the table	 it had clearly been unwrapped and carelessly re-wrapped. There was a scribbled note across it in red ink, reading: Inspected and Passed by the Hogwarts High Inquisitor.  'It's Easter eggs from Mum,' said Ginny. There's one for you . . . there you go.'  She handed him a handsome chocolate egg decorated with small, iced Snitches and, according to the packaging, containing a bag of Fizzing Whizzbees. Harry looked at it for a moment, then, to his horror, felt a lump rise in his throat.  'Are you OK, Harry?' Ginny asked quietly.  'Yeah, I'm fine,' said Harry gruffly. The lump in his throat was painful. He did not understand why an Easter egg should have made him feel like this.  'You seem really down lately,' Ginny persisted. 'You know, I'm sure if you just talked to Cho . . .'  'It's not Cho I want to talk to,' said Harry brusquely.  'Who is it, then?' asked Ginny, watching him closely.  'I . . .'  He glanced around to make quite sure nobody was listening. Madam Pince was several shelves away, stamping out a pile cf books for a frantic-looking Hannah Abbott.  'I wish I could talk to Sirius,' he muttered. 'But I know I can't.'  Ginny continued to watch him thoughtfully. More to give himself something to do than because he really wanted any, Harry unwrapped his Easter egg, broke off a large bit and put it into his mouth.  'Well,' said Ginny slowly, helping herself to a bit of egg, too, 'if you really want to talk to Sirius, I expect we could think of a way to do it.'  'Come on,' said Harry dully. 'With Umbridge policing the fires and reading all our mail?'  The thing about growing up with Fred and George,' said Ginny thoughtfully, 'is that you sort of start thinking anything's possible if you've got enough nerve.'  Harry looked at her. Perhaps it was the effect of the chocolate - '- Lupin had always advised eating some after encounters with Dementors - or simply because he had finally spoken aloud the wish that had been burning inside him for a week, but he felt a bit more hopeful.  'WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU ARE DOING?'  'Oh damn,' whispered Ginny, jumping to her feet. 'I forgot - '  Madam Pince was swooping down on them, her shrivelled face contorted with rage.  'Chocolate in the library!' she screamed. 'Out - out - OUT!' And whipping out her wand, she caused Harry's books, bag and ink bottle to chase him and Ginny from the library, whacking them repeatedly over the head as they ran.*As though to underline the importance of their upcoming examinations, a batch of pamphlets, leaflets and notices concerning various wizarding careers appeared on the tables in Gryffindor Tower shortly before the end of the holidays, along with yet another notice on the board, which read:CAREERS ADVICEAll fifth-years are required to attend a short meeting with theirHead of House during the first week of the summer term to discusstheir future careers. Times of individual appointments are listed below.Harry looked down the list and found that he was expected in Professor McGonagall's office at half past two on Monday, which would mean missing most of Divination. He and the other fifth-years spent a considerable part of the final weekend of the Easter break reading all the careers information that had been left there for their perusal.  'Well, I don't fancy Healing,' said Ron on the last evening of the holidays. He was immersed in a leaflet that carried the crossed bone-and-wand emblem of St Mungo's on its front. 'It says here you need at least E at NEWT level in Potions, Herbology, Transfiguration, Charms and Defence Against the Dark Arts. I mean . . . blimey . . . don't want much, do they?'  'Well, it's a very responsible job, isn't it?' said Hermione absently.  She was poring over a bright pink and orange leaflet, that was headed, 'SO YOU THINK YOU'D LIKE TO WORK IN MUGGLE RELATIONS?' 'You don't seem to need many qualifications to liaise with Muggles	 all they want is an OWL in Muggle Studies: Much more important is your enthusiasm, patience and a good sense of fun!'  'You'd need more than a good sense of fun to liaise with my uncle,' said Harry darkly. 'Good sense of when to duck, more like.' He was halfway through a pamphlet on wizard banking. 'Listen to this: Are you seeking a challenging career involving travel, adventure and substantial, danger-related treasure bonuses? Then consider a position with Gringotts Wizarding Bank, who are currently recruiting Curse-Breakers for thrilling opportunities abroad . . . They want Arithmancy, though	 you could do it, Hermione!'  'I don't much fancy banking,' said Hermione vaguely, now immersed in: 'HAVE YOU GOT WHAT IT TAKES TO TRAIN SECURITY TROLLS?'  'Hey,' said a voice in Harry's ear. He looked round	 Fred and George had come to join them. 'Ginny's had a word with us about you,' said Fred, stretching out his legs on the table in front of them and causing several booklets on careers with the Ministry of Magic to slide off on to the floor. 'She says you need to talk to Sirius?'  'What?' said Hermione sharply, freezing with her hand halfway towards picking up 'MAKE A BANG AT THE DEPARTMENT OF MAGICAL ACCIDENTS AND CATASTROPHES'.  'Yeah . . .' said Harry, trying to sound casual, 'yeah, I thought I'd like - '  'Don't be so ridiculous,' said Hermione, straightening up and looking at him as though she could not believe her eyes. 'With Umbridge groping around in the fires and frisking all the owls?'  'Well, we think we can find a way around that,' said George, stretching and smiling. 'It's a simple matter of causing a diversion. Now, you might have noticed that we have been rather quiet on the mayhem front during the Easter holidays?'  'What was the point, we asked ourselves, of disrupting leisure time?' continued Fred. 'No point at all, we answered ourselves. And of course, we'd have messed up people's revision, too, which would be the very last thing we'd want to do.'  He gave Hermione a sanctimonious little nod. She looked rather taken aback by this thoughtfulness.  'But it's business as usual from tomorrow,' Fred continued briskly. 'And if we're going to be causing a bit of uproar, why not do it so that Harry can have his chat with Sirius?'  'Yes, but still,' said Hermione, with an air of explaining something very simple to somebody very obtuse, 'even if you do cause a diversion, how is Harry supposed to talk to him?'  'Umbridge's office,' said Harry quietly.  He had been thinking about it for a fortnight and could come up with no alternative. Umbridge herself had told him that the only fire that was not being watched was her own.  'Are - you - insane?' said Hermione in a hushed voice.  Ron had lowered his leaflet on jobs in the Cultivated Fungus Trade and was watching the conversation warily.  'I don't think so,' said Harry, shrugging.  'And how are you going to get in there in the first place?'  Harry was ready for this question.  'Sirius's knife,' he said.  'Excuse me?'  'Christmas before last Sirius gave me a knife that'll open any lock,' said Harry. 'So even if she's bewitched the door so Alahomora won't work, which I bet she has - '  'What do you think about this?' Hermione demanded of Ron, and Harry was reminded irresistibly of Mrs Weasley appealing to her husband during Harry's first dinner in Grimmauld Place.  'I dunno,' said Ron, looking alarmed at being asked to give an opinion. 'If Harry wants to do it, it's up to him, isn't it?'  'Spoken like a true friend and Weasley,' said Fred, clapping Ron hard on the back. 'Right, then. We're thinking of doing it tomorrow, just after lessons, because it should cause maximum impact ii everybody's in the corridors - Harry, we'll set it off in the east wing somewhere, draw her right away from her own office - I reckon we should be able to guarantee you, what, twenty minutes?' he said, looking at George.  'Easy,' said George.  'What sort of diversion is it?' asked Ron.  'You'll see, little bro', said Fred, as he and George got up again. 'At least, you will if you trot along to Gregory the Smarmy's corridor round about five o'clock tomorrow.'*Harry awoke very early the next day, feeling almost as anxious as he had done on the morning of his disciplinary hearing at the Ministry of Magic. It was not only the prospect of breaking into Umbridge's office and using her fire to speak to Sirius that was making him feel nervous, though that was certainly bad enough	 today also happened to be the first time Harry would be in close proximity to Snape since Snape had thrown him out of his office.  After lying in bed for a while thinking about the day ahead, Harry got up very quietly and moved across to the window beside Neville's bed, and stared out on a truly glorious morning. The sky was a clear, misty, opalescent blue. Directly ahead of him, Harry could see the towering beech tree below which his father had once tormented Snape. He was not sure what Sirius could possibly say to him that would make up for what he had seen in the Pensieve, but he was desperate to hear Sirius's own account of what had happened, to know of any mitigating factors there might have been, any excuse at all for his fathers behaviour . . .  Something caught Harry's attention: movement on the edge of the Forbidden Forest. Harry squinted into the sun and saw Hagrid emerging from between the trees. He seemed to be limping. As Harry watched, Hagrid staggered to the door of his cabin and disappeared inside it. Harry watched the cabin for several minutes. Hagrid did not emerge again, but smoke furled from the chimney, so Hagrid could not be so badly injured that he was unequal tc stoking the fire.  Harry turned away from the window, headed back to his trunk and started to dress.  With the prospect of forcing entry into Umbridge's office ahead. Harry had never expected the day to be a restful one, but he had not reckoned on Hermione's almost continual attempts to dissuade him from what he was planning to do at five o'clock. For the first time ever, she was at least as inattentive to Professor Binns in  History of Magic as Harry and Ron were, keeping up a stream of whispered admonitions that Harry tried very hard to ignore.  '. . . and if she does catch you there, apart from being expelled, she'll be able to guess you've been talking to Snuffles and this time I expect she'll force you to drink Veritaserum and answer her questions . . .'  'Hermione,' said Ron in a low and indignant voice, 'are you going to stop telling Harry off and listen to Binns, or am I going to have to take my own notes?'  'You take notes for a change, it won't kill you!'  By the time they reached the dungeons, neither Harry nor Ron was speaking to Hermione. Undeterred, she took advantage of their silence to maintain an uninterrupted flow oi dire warnings, all uttered under her breath in a vehement hiss that caused Seamus to waste five whole minutes checking his cauldron for leaks.  Snape, meanwhile, seemed to have decided to act as though Harry were invisible. Harry was, of course, well-used to this tactic, as it was one of Uncle Vernons favourites, and on the whole was grateful he had to suffer nothing worse. In fact, compared to what he usually had to endure from Snape in the way of taunts and snide remarks, he found the new approach something of an improvement, and was pleased to find that when left well alone, he was able to concoct an Invigoration Draught quite easily. At the end of the lesson he scooped some of the potion into a flask, corked it and took it up to Snape's desk for marking, feeling that he might at last have scraped an 'E'.  He had just turned away when he heard a smashing noise. Malfoy gave a gleeful yell of laughter. Harry whipped around. His potion sample lay in pieces on the floor and Snape was surveying him with a look of gloating pleasure.  'Whoops,' he said softly. 'Another zero, then, Potter.'  Harry was too incensed to speak. He strode back to his cauldron, intending to fill another flask and force Snape to mark it, but saw to his horror that the rest of the contents had vanished.  'I'm sorry!' said Hermione, with her hands over her mouth. I'm really sorry, Harry. I thought you'd finished, so I cleared up!'  Harry could not bring himself to answer. When the bell rang, he hurried out of the dungeon without a backwards glance, and made sure that he found himself a seat between Neville and Seamus for lunch so that Hermione could not start nagging him again about using Umbridge's office.  He was in such a bad mood by the time he got to Divination that he had quite forgotten his careers appointment with Professor McGonagall, remembering it only when Ron asked him why he wasn't in her office. He hurtled back upstairs and arrived out of breath, only a few minutes late.  'Sorry, Professor,' he panted, as he closed the door. 'I forgot.'  'No matter, Potter,' she said briskly, but as she spoke, somebody else sniffed from the corner. Harry looked round.  Professor Umbridge was sitting there, a clipboard on her knee, a fussy little pie-frill around her neck and a small, horribly smug smile on her face.  'Sit down, Potter,' said Professor McGonagall tersely. Her hands shook slightly as she shuffled the many pamphlets littering her desk.  Harry sat down with his back to Umbridge and did his best to pretend he could not hear the scratching of her quill on her clipboard.  'Well, Potter, this meeting is to talk over any career ideas you might have, and to help you decide which subjects you should continue into the sixth and seventh years,' said Professor McGonagall. 'Have you had any thoughts about what you would like to do after you leave Hogwarts?'  'Er - ' said Harry.  He was finding the scratching noise from behind him very distracting.  'Yes?' Professor McGonagall prompted Harry.  'Well, I thought of, maybe, being an Auror,' Harry mumbled.  'You'd need top grades for that,' said Professor McGonagall, extracting a small, dark leaflet from under the mass on her desk and opening it. They ask for a minimum of five NEWTs, and nothing under Exceeds Expectations grade, I see. Then you would be required to undergo a stringent series of character and aptitude tests at the Auror office. It's a difficult career path, Potter, they only take the best. In fact, I don't think anybody has been taken on in the last three years.'  At this moment, Professor Umbridge gave a very tiny cough, as though she was trying to see how quietly she could do it. Professor McGonagall ignored her.  'You'll want to know which subjects you ought to take, I suppose?' she went on, talking a little louder than before.  'Yes,' said Harry. 'Defence Against the Dark Arts, I suppose?'  'Naturally,' said Professor McGonagall crisply. 'I would also advise -'  Professor Umbridge gave another cough, a little more audible this time. Professor McGonagall closed her eyes for a moment, opened them again, and continued as though nothing had happened.  'I would also advise Transfiguration, because Aurors frequently need to Transfigure or Untransfigure in their work. And I ought to tell you now, Potter, that I do not accept students into my NEWT classes unless they have achieved Exceeds Expectations or higher at Ordinary Wizarding Level. I'd say you're averaging Acceptable at the moment, so you'll need to put in some good hard work before the exams to stand a chance of continuing. Then you ought to do Charms, always useful, and Potions. Yes, Potter, Potions,' she added, with the merest flicker of a smile. 'Poisons and antidotes are essential study for Aurors. And I must tell you that Professor Snape absolutely refuses to take students who get anything other than Outstanding in their OWLs, so - '  Professor Umbridge gave her most pronounced cough yet.  'May I offer you a cough drop, Dolores?' Professor McGonagall asked curtly, without looking at Professor Umbridge.  'Oh, no, thank you very much,' said Umbridge, with that simpering laugh Harry hated so much. 'I just wondered whether I could make the teensiest interruption, Minerva?'  'I daresay you'll find you can,' said Professor McGonagall through tightly gritted teeth.  'I was just wondering whether Mr Potter has quite the temperament for an Auror?' said Professor Umbridge sweetly.  'Were you?' said Professor McGonagall haughtily. 'Well, Potter,' she continued, as though there had been no interruption, if you are serious in this ambition, I would advise you to concentrate hard on bringing your Transfiguration and Potions up to scratch. I see Professor Flitwick has graded you between Acceptable and Exceeds Expectations for the last two years, so your Charmwork seems satisfactory. As for Defence Against the Dark Arts, your marks have been generally high, Professor Lupin in particular thought you - are you quite sure you wouldn't like a cough drop, Dolores?'  'Oh, no need, thank you, Minerva,' simpered Professor Umbridge, who had just coughed her loudest yet. 'I was just concerned that you might not have Harry's most recent Defence Against the Dark Arts marks in front of you. I'm quite sure I slipped in a note.'  'What, this thing?' said Professor McGonagall in a tone of revulsion, as she pulled a sheet of pink parchment from between the leaves of Harry's folder. She glanced down it, her eyebrows slightly raised, then placed it back into the folder without comment.  'Yes, as I was saying, Potter, Professor Lupin thought you showed a pronounced aptitude for the subject, and obviously for an Auror - '  'Did you not understand my note, Minerva?' asked Professor Umbndge in honeyed tones, quite forgetting to cough.  'Of course I understood it,' said Professor McGonagall, her teeth clenched so tightly the words came out a little muffled.  'Well, then, I am confused . . . I'm afraid I don't quite understand how you can give Mr Potter false hope that - '  'False hope?' repeated Professor McGonagall, still refusing to look round at Professor Umbridge. 'He has achieved high marks in all his Defence Against the Dark Arts tests - '  'I'm terribly sorry to have to contradict you, Minerva, but as you will see from my note, Harry has been achieving very poor results in his classes with me - '  'I should have made my meaning plainer,' said Professor McGonagall, turning at last to look Umbridge directly in the eyes. 'He has achieved high marks in all Defence Against the Dark Arts tests set by a competent teacher.'  Professor Umbridge's smile vanished as suddenly as a light bulb blowing. She sat back in her chair, turned a sheet on her clipboard and began scribbling very fast indeed, her bulging eyes rolling from side to side. Professor McGonagall turned back to Harry, her thin nostrils flared, her eyes burning.  'Any questions, Potter?'  'Yes,' said Harry. 'What sort of character and aptitude tests do the Ministry do on you, if you get enough NEWTs?'  'Well, you'll need to demonstrate the ability to react well to pressure and so forth,' said Professor McGonagall, 'perseverance and dedication, because Auror training takes a further three years, not to mention very high skills in practical Defence. It will mean a lot more study even after you've left school, so unless you're prepared to - '  'I think you'll also find,' said Umbridge, her voice very cold now, 'that the Ministry looks into the records of those applying to be Aurors. Their criminal records.'  '- unless you're prepared to take even more exams after Hogwarts, you should really look at another - '  'Which means that this boy has as much chance of becoming an Auror as Dumbledore has of ever returning to this school.'  'A very good chance, then,' said Professor McGonagall.  'Potter has a criminal record,' said Umbridge loudly.  'Potter has been cleared of all charges,' said McGonagall, even more loudly.  Professor Umbridge stood up. She was so short that this did not make a great deal of difference, but her fussy, simpering demeanour had given place to a hard fury that made her broad, flabby face look oddly sinister.  'Potter has no chance whatsoever of becoming an Auror!'  Professor McGonagall got to her feet, too, and in her case this was a much more impressive move: she towered over Professor Umbridge.  'Potter,' she said in ringing tones, 'I will assist you to become an Auror if it is the last thing I do! If I have to coach you nightly, I will make sure you achieve the required results!'  The Minister for Magic will never employ Harry Potter!' said Umbridge, her voice rising furiously.  There may well be a new Minister for Magic by the time Potter is ready to join!' shouted Professor McGonagall.  'Aha! shrieked Professor Umbridge, pointing a stubby linger at McGonagall. 'Yes! Yes, yes, yes! Of course! That's what you want, isn't it, Minerva McGonagall? You want Cornelius Fudge replaced by Albus Dumbledore! You think you'll be where I am, don't you: Senior Undersecretary to the Minister and Headmistress to boot!'  'You are raving,' said Professor McGonagall, superbly disdainful. Totter, that concludes our careers consultation.'  Harry swung his bag over his shoulder and hurried out of the room, not daring to look at Professor Umbridge. He could hear her and Professor McGonagall continuing to shout at each other all the way back along the corridor.  Professor Umbridge was still breathing as though she had just run a race when she strode into their Defence Against the Dark Arts lesson that afternoon.  'I hope you've thought better of what you were planning to do, Harry,' Hermione whispered, the moment they had opened their books to 'Chapter Thirty-four, Non-Retaliation and Negotiation'. 'Umbridge looks like she's in a really bad mood already . . .'  Every now and then Umbridge shot glowering looks at Harry, who kept his head down, staring at Defensive Magical Theory, his eyes unfocused, thinking . . .  He could just imagine Professor McGonagall's reaction if he was caught trespassing in Professor Umbridge's office mere hours after she had vouched for him . . . there was nothing to stop him simply going back to Gryffindor Tower and hoping that some time during the next summer holidays he would have a chance to ask Sirius about the scene he had witnessed in the Pensieve . . . nothing, except that the thought of taking this sensible course of action made him feel as though a lead weight had dropped into his stomach . . . and then there was the matter of Fred and George, whose diversion was already planned, not to mention the knife Sirius had given him, which was currently residing in his schoolbag along with his father's old Invisibility Cloak.  But the fact remained that if he was caught . . .  'Dumbledore sacrificed himself to keep you in school, Harry!' whispered Hermione, raising her book to hide her face from  Umbridge. 'And if you get thrown out today it will all have been for nothing!'  He could abandon the plan and simply learn to live with the memory of what his father had done on a summer's day more than twenty years ago . . .  And then he remembered Sirius in the fire upstairs in the Gryffindor common room . . .  You're less like your father than I thought . . . the risk would've been what made it fun for James . . .  But did he want to be like his father any more?  'Harry, don't do it, please don't do it!' Hermione said in anguished tones as the bell rang at the end of the class.  He did not answer	 he did not know what to do.  Ron seemed determined to give neither his opinion nor his advice	 he would not look at Harry, though when Hermione opened her mouth to try dissuading Harry some more, he said in a low voice, 'Give it a rest, OK? He can make up his own mind.'  Harry's heart beat very fast as he left the classroom. He was halfway along the corridor outside when he heard the unmistakeable sounds of a diversion going off in the distance. There were screams and yells reverberating from somewhere above them	 people exiting the classrooms all around Harry were stopping in their tracks and looking up at the ceiling fearfully - '  Umbridge came pelting out of her classroom as fast as her short legs would carry her. Pulling out her wand, she hurried off in the opposite direction: it was now or never.  'Harry - please!' Hermione pleaded weakly.  But he had made up his mind
Order of the Phoenix=GrawpThe story of Fred and George's flight to freedom was retold so often over the next few days that Harry could tell it would soon become the stuff of Hogwarts legend: within a week, even those who had been eye-witnesses were half-convinced they had seen the twins dive-bomb Umbridge on their brooms and pelt her with Dungbombs before zooming out of the doors. In the immediate aftermath of their departure there was a great wave of talk about copying them. Harry frequently heard students saying things like, 'Honestly, some days I just feel like jumping on my broom and leaving this place,' or else, 'One more lesson like that and I might just do a Weasley.'  Fred and George had made sure nobody was likely to forget them too soon. For one thing, they had not left instructions on how to remove the swamp that now filled the corridor on the fifth floor of the east wing. Umbridge and Filch had been observed trying different means of removing it but without success. Eventually, the area was roped off and Filch, gnashing his teeth furiously, was given the task of punting students across it to their classrooms. Harry was certain that teachers like McGonagall or Flitwick could have removed the swamp in an instant but, just as in the case of Fred and George's Wildfire Whiz-bangs, they seemed to prefer to watch Umbridge struggle.  Then there were the two large broom-shaped holes in Umbridge's office door, through which Fred and George's Cleansweeps had smashed to rejoin their masters. Filch fitted a new door and removed Harry's Firebolt to the dungeons where, it was rumoured, Umbridge had set an armed security troll to guard it. However, her troubles were far from over.  Inspired by Fred and George's example, a great number of students were now vying for the newly vacant positions of Troublemakers-in-Chief. In spite of the new door, somebody managed to slip a hairy-snouted Niffler into Umbridge's office, which promptly tore the place apart in its search for shiny objects, leapt on Umbridge when she entered and tried to gnaw the rings off her stubby fingers. Dungbombs and Stink Pellets were dropped so frequently in the corridors that it became the new fashion for students to perform Bubble-Head Charms on themselves before leaving lessons, which ensured them a supply of fresh air, even though it gave them all the peculiar appearance of wearing upside-down goldfish bowls on their heads.  Filch prowled the corridors with a horsewhip ready in his hands, desperate to catch miscreants, but the problem was that there were now so many of them he never knew which way to turn. The Inquisitorial Squad was attempting to help him, but odd things kept happening to its members. Warrington of the Slytherin Quidditch team reported to the hospital wing with a horrible skin complaint that made him look as though he had been coated in cornflakes	 Pansy Parkinson, to Hermione's delight, missed all her lessons the following day as she had sprouted antlers.  Meanwhile, it became clear just how many Skiving Snackboxes Fred and George had managed to sell before leaving Hogwarts. Umbridge only had to enter her classroom for the students assembled there to faint, vomit, develop dangerous fevers or else spout blood from both nostrils. Shrieking with rage and frustration, she attempted to trace the mysterious symptoms to their source, but the students told her stubbornly they were suffering from 'Umbridge - 'itis'. Alter putting four successive classes in detention and failing to discover their secret, she was forced to give up and allow the bleeding, swooning, sweating and vomiting students to leave her classes in droves.  But not even the users of the Snackboxes could compete with that master of chaos, Peeves, who seemed to have taken Fred's parting words deeply to heart. Cackling madly, he soared through the school, upending tables, bursting out of blackboards, toppling statues and vases	 twice he shut Mrs Norris inside a suit of armour,  from which she was rescued, yowling loudly, by the furious caretaker. Peeves smashed lanterns and snuffed out candles, juggled burning torches over the heads of screaming students, caused neatly stacked piles of parchment to topple into fires or out of windows	 flooded the second floor when he pulled off all the taps in the bathrooms, dropped a bag of tarantulas in the middle of the Great Hall during breakfast and, whenever he fancied a break, spent hours at a time floating along after Umbridge and blowing loud raspberries every time she spoke.  None of the staff but Filch seemed to be stirring themselves to help her. Indeed, a week after Fred and Georges departure Harry witnessed Professor McGonagall walking right past Peeves, who was determinedly loosening a crystal chandelier, and could have sworn he heard her tell the poltergeist out of the corner of her mouth, 'It unscrews the other way.'  To cap matters, Montague had still not recovered from his sojourn in the toilet	 he remained confused and disorientated and his parents were to be observed one Tuesday morning striding up the front drive, looking extremely angry.  'Should we say something?' said Hermione in a worried voice, pressing her cheek against the Charms window so that she could see Mr and Mrs Montague marching inside. 'About what happened to him? In case it helps Madam Pomfrey cure him?'  'Course not, he'll recover,' said Ron indifferently.  'Anyway, more trouble for Umbridge, isn't it?' said Harry in a satisfied voice.  He and Ron both tapped the teacups they were supposed to be charming with their wands. Harry's spouted four very short legs that could not reach the desk and wriggled pointlessly in midair. Ron's grew four very thin spindly legs that hoisted the cup off the desk with great difficulty, trembled for a few seconds, then folded, causing the cup to crack into two.  'Reparo,' said Hermione quickly, mending Ron's cup with a wave of her wand. That's all very well, but what if Montague's permanently injured?'  'Who cares?' said Ron irritably, while his teacup stood up drunkenly again, trembling violently at the knees. 'Montague shouldn't have tried to take all those points from Gryffindor, should he? If you want to worry about anyone, Hermione, worry about me!'  'You?' she said, catching her teacup as it scampered happily away across the desk on four sturdy little willow-patterned legs, and replacing it in front of her. 'Why should I be worried about you?'  'When Mum's next letter finally gets through Umbridge's screening process,' said Ron bitterly, now holding his cup up while its frail legs tried feebly to support its weight, 'I'm going to be in deep trouble. I wouldn't be surprised if she's sent another Howler.'  'But - '  'It'll be my fault Fred and George left, you wait,' said Ron darkly. 'She'll say I should've stopped them leaving, I should've grabbed the ends of their brooms and hung on or something . . . yeah, it'll be all my fault.'  'Well, if she dot's say that it'll be very unfair, you couldn't have done anything! But I'm sure she won't, I mean, if it's really true they've got premises in Diagon Alley, they must have been planning this for ages.'  'Yeah, but that's another thing, how did they get premises?' said Ron, hitting his teacup so hard with his wand that its legs collapsed again and it lay twitching before him. 'It's a bit dodgy, isn't it? They'll need loads of Galleons to afford the rent on a place in Diagon Alley. She'll want to know what they've been up to, to get their hands on that sort of gold.'  'Well, yes, that occurred to me, too,' said Hermione, allowing her teacup to jog in neat little circles around Harry's, whose stubby little legs were still unable to touch the desktop, 'I've been wondering whether Mundungus has persuaded them to sell stolen goods or something awful.'  'He hasn't,' said Harry curtly.  'How do you know?' said Ron and Hermione together.  'Because - ' Harry hesitated, but the moment to confess finally seemed to have come. There was no good to be gained in keeping silent if it meant anyone suspected that Fred and George were criminals. 'Because they got the gold from me. I gave them my Triwizard winnings last June.'  There was a shocked silence, then Hermione's teacup jogged right over the edge of the desk and smashed on the floor.  'Oh, Harry, you didn't!' she said.  'Yes, I did,' said Harry mutinously. 'And I don't regret it, either. I didn't need the gold and they'll be great at running a joke shop.'  'But this is excellent!' said Ron, looking thrilled. 'It's all your fault, Harry - Mum can't blame me at all! Can I tell her?'  'Yeah, I suppose you'd better,' said Harry dully, specially if she thinks they're receiving stolen cauldrons or something.'  Hermione said nothing at all for the rest of the lesson, but Harry had a shrewd suspicion that her self-restraint was bound to crack before long. Sure enough, once they had left the castle for break and were standing around in the weak May sunshine, she fixed Harry with a beady eye and opened her mouth with a determined air.  Harry interrupted her before she had even started.  'It's no good nagging me, it's done,' he said firmly. 'Fred and George have got the gold - spent a good bit of it, too, by the sounds of it - and I can't get it back from them and I don't want to. So save your breath, Hermione.'  'I wasn't going to say anything about Fred and George!' she said in an injured voice.  Ron snorted disbelievingly and Hermione threw him a very dirty look.  'No, I wasn't!' she said angrily. 'As a matter of fact, I was going to ask Harry when he's going to go back to Snape and ask for more Occlumency lessons!'  Harry's heart sank. Once they had exhausted the subject of Fred and George's dramatic departure, which admittedly had taken many hours, Ron and Hermione had wanted to hear news of Sirius. As Harry had not confided in them the reason he had wanted to talk to Sirius in the first place, it had been hard to think of what to tell them	 he had ended up saying, truthfully, that Sirius wanted Harry to resume Occlumency lessons. He had been regretting this ever since	 Hermione would not let the subject drop and kept reverting to it when Harry least expected it.  'You can't tell me you've stopped having funny dreams,' Hermione  said now, 'because Ron told me you were muttering in your sleep again last night.'  Harry threw Ron a furious look. Ron had the grace to look ashamed of himself.  'You were only muttering a bit,' he mumbled apologetically. 'Something about just a bit further.'  'I dreamed I was watching you lot play Quidditch,' Harry lied brutally. 'I was trying to get you to stretch out a bit further to grab the Quaffle.'  Ron's ears went red. Harry felt a kind of vindictive pleasure	 he had not, of course, dreamed anything of the sort.  Last night, he had once again made the journey along the Department of Mysteries corridor. He had passed through the circular room, then the room full of clicking and dancing light, until he found himself again inside that cavernous room full of shelves on which were ranged dusty glass spheres.  He had hurried straight towards row number ninety-seven, turned left and run along it . . . it had probably been then that he had spoken aloud . . . just a bit further . . . for he felt his conscious self struggling to wake . . . and before he had reached the end of the row, he had found himself lying in bed again, gazing up at the canopy of his four-poster.  'You are trying to block your mind, aren't you?' said. Hermione, looking beadily at Harry. 'You are keeping going with your Occlumency?'  'Of course I am,' said Harry, trying to sound as though this question was insulting, but not quite meeting her eye. The truth was he was so intensely curious about what was hidden in that room full of dusty orbs, that he was quite keen for the dreams to continue.  The problem was that with just under a month to go until the exams and every free moment devoted to revision, his mind seemed so saturated with information when he went to bed he found it very difficult to get to sleep at all	 and when he did, his overwrought brain presented him most nights with stupid dreams about the exams. He also suspected that part of his mind - the part that often spoke in Hermione's voice - now felt guilty on the occasions  it strayed down that corridor ending in the black door, and sought to wake him before he could reach the journey's end.  'You know,' said Ron, whose ears were still flaming red, 'if Montague doesn't recover before Slytherin play Hufflepuff, we might be in with a chance of winning the Cup.'  'Yeah, I s'pose so,' said Harry, glad of a change of subject.  'I mean, we've won one, lost one - if Slytherin lose to Hufflepuff next Saturday - '  'Yeah, that's right,' said Harry, losing track of what he was agreeing to. Cho Chang had just walked across the courtyard, determinedly not looking at him.*The final match of the Quidditch season, Gryffindor versus Ravenclaw, was to take place on the last weekend of May. Although Slytherin had been narrowly defeated by Hufflepuff in their last match, Gryffindor were not daring to hope for victory, due mainly (though of course nobody said it to him) to Ron's abysmal goal-keeping record. He, however, seemed to have found a new optimism.  'I mean, I can't get any worse, can I?' he told Harry and Hermione grimly over breakfast on the morning of the match. 'Nothing to lose now, is there?'  'You know,' said Hermione, as she and Harry walked down to the pitch a little later in the midst of a very excitable crowd, 'I think Ron might do better without Fred and George around. They never exactly gave him a lot of confidence.'  Luna Lovegood overtook them with what appeared to be a live eagle perched on top of her head.  'Oh, gosh, I forgot!' said Hermione, watching the eagle flapping its wings as Luna walked serenely past a group of cackling and pointing Slytherins. 'Cho will be playing, won't she?'  Harry, who had not forgotten this, merely grunted.  They found seats in the topmost row of the stands. It was a fine, ckar day	 Ron could not wish for better, and Harry found himself hoping against hope that Ron would not give the Slytherins cause for more rousing choruses of 'Weasley is our King'.  Lee Jordan, who had been very dispirited since Fred and George  had left, was commentating as usual. As the teams zoomed out on to the pitch he named the players with something less than his usual gusto.  '. . . Bradley . . . Davies . . . Chang,' he said, and Harry felt his stomach perform, less of a back flip, more a feeble lurch as Cho walked out on to the pitch, her shiny black hair rippling in the slight breeze.. He was not sure what he wanted to happen any more, except that he could not stand any more rows. Even the sight of her chatting animatedly to Roger Davies as they prepared to mount their brooms caused him only a slight twinge of jealousy.  'And they're off!' said Lee. 'And Davies takes the Quaffle immediately, Ravenclaw Captain Davies with the Quaffle, he dodges Johnson, he dodges Bell, he dodges Spinnet as well . . . he's going straight for goal! He's going to shoot - and - and - ' Lee swore very loudly. 'And he's scored.'  Harry and Hermione groaned with the rest of the Gryffindors. Predictably, horribly the Slytherins on the other side of the stands began to sing:'Weasley cannot save a thingHe cannot block a single ring . . .''Harry,' said a hoarse voice in Harry's ear. 'Hermione . . .'  Harry looked round and saw Hagrid's enormous bearded face sticking between the seats. Apparently, he had squeezed his way all along the row behind, for the first- and second-years he had just passed had a ruffled, flattened look about them. For some reason, Hagrid was bent double as though anxious not to be seen, though he was still at least four feet taller than everybody else.  'Listen,' he whispered, 'can yeh come with me? Now? While ev'ryone's watchin' the match?'  'Er . . . can't it wait, Hagrid?' asked Harry. till the match is over?' 'No,' said Hagrid. 'No, Harry, it's gotta be now . . . while ev'ryone's lookin' the other way . . . please?'  Hagrid's nose was gently dripping blood. His eyes were both blackened. Harry had not seen him this close-up since his return to the school	 he looked utterly woebegone.  'Course,' said Harry at once, 'course we'll come.'  He and Hermione edged back along their row of seats, causing much grumbling among the students who had to stand up for them. The people in Hagrid's row were not complaining, merely attempting to make themselves as small as possible.  'I 'ppreciate this, you two, I really do,' said Hagrid as they reached the stairs. He kept looking around nervously as they descended towards the lawn below. 'I jus' hope she doesn' notice us goin'.'  'You mean Umbridge?' said Harry. 'She won't, she's got her whole Inquisitorial Squad sitting with her, didn't you see? She must be expecting trouble at the match.'  'Yeah, well, a bit o' trouble wouldn' hurt,' said Hagrid, pausing to peer around the edge of the stands to make sure the stretch of lawn between there and his cabin was deserted. 'Give us more time.'  'What is it, Hagrid?' said Hermione, looking up at him with a concerned expression on her face as they hurried across the grass towards the edge of the Forest.  'Yeh - yeh'll see in a mo',' said Hagrid, looking over his shoulder as a great roar rose from the stands behind them. 'Hey - did someone jus' score?'  'It'll be Ravenclaw,' said Harry heavily.  'Good . . . good . . .' said Hagrid distractedly. 'Tha's good . . .'  They had to jog to keep up with him as he strode across the lawn, looking around with every other step. When they reached his cabin, Hermione turned automatically left towards the front door. Hagrid, however, walked straight past it into the shade of the trees on the outermost edge of the Forest, where he picked up a crossbow that was leaning against a tree. When he realised they were no longer with him, he turned.  'We're goin' in here,' he said, jerking his shaggy head behind him.  'Into the Forest?' said Hermione, perplexed.  'Yeah,' said Hagrid. 'C'mon now, quick, before we're spotted!'  Harry and Hermione looked at each other, then ducked into the cover of the trees behind Hagrid, who was already striding away from them into the green gloom, his crossbow over his arm. Harry and Hermione ran to catch up with him.  'Hagrid, why are you armed?' said Harry.  'Jus' a precaution,' said Hagrid, shrugging his massive shoulders.  'You didn't bring your crossbow the day you showed us the Thestrals,' said Hermione timidly.  'Nah, well, we weren' goin' in so far then,' said Hagrid. 'An' anyway, tha' was before Firenze left the Forest, wasn' it?'  'Why does Firenze leaving make a difference?' asked Hermione curiously  Cause the other centaurs are good an' riled at me, tha's why,' said Hagrid quietly, glancing around. They used ter be - well, yeh couldn' call 'em friendly - but we got on all righ'. Kept 'emselves to 'emselves, bu' always turned up if I wanted a word. Not any more.'  He sighed deeply.  'Firenze said they're angry because he went to work for Dumbledore,' Harry said, tripping on a protruding root because he was busy watching Hagrid's profile.  'Yeah,' said Hagrid heavily. 'Well, angry doesn' cover it. Ruddy livid. If I hadn' stepped in, I reckon they'd've kicked Firenze ter death - '  They attacked him?' said Hermione, sounding shocked.  'Yep,' said Hagrid gruffly, forcing his way through several low-hanging branches. 'He had half the herd on to him.'  'And you stopped it?' said Harry, amazed and impressed. 'By yourself?'  'Course I did, couldn't stand by an' watch 'em kill 'im, cou!d I?' said Hagrid. 'Lucky I was passin', really . . . an' I'd've thought Firenze mighta remembered tha' before he started sendin' me stup d warnin's!' he added hotly and unexpectedly.  Harry and Hermione looked at each other, startled, but Hagrid, scowling, did not elaborate.  'Anyway,' he said, breathing a little more heavily than usud, 'since then the other centaurs've bin livid with me, an' the trouble is they've got a lot of influence in the Forest . . . cleverest creatures in here.'  'Is that why we're here, Hagrid?' asked Hermione. The centaurs?'  'Ah, no,' said Hagrid, shaking his head dismissively, 'no, it's not them. Well, o' course, they could complicate the problem, yeah . . . but yeh'll see what I mean in a bit.'  On this incomprehensible note he fell silent and forged a little ahead, taking one stride for every three of theirs, so that they had great trouble keeping up with him.  The path was becoming increasingly overgrown and the trees grew so closely together as they walked further and further into the Forest that it was as dark as dusk. They were soon a long way past the clearing where Hagrid had shown them the Thestrals, but Harry felt no sense of unease until Hagrid stepped unexpectedly off the path and began wending his way in and out of trees towards the dark heart of the Forest.  'Hagrid!' said Harry, fighting his way through thickly knotted brambles, over which Hagrid had stepped with ease, and remembering very vividly what had happened to him on the other occasion he had stepped off the Forest path. 'Where are we going?'  'Bit further,' said Hagrid over his shoulder. 'C'mon, Harry . . . we need ter keep together now.'  It was a great struggle to keep up with Hagrid, what with branches and thickets of thorn through which Hagrid marched as easily as if they were cobwebs, but which snagged Harry and Hermione's robes, frequently entangling them so severely that they had to stop for minutes at a time to free themselves. Harry's arms and legs were soon covered in small cuts and scratches. They were so deep in the Forest now that sometimes all Harry could see of Hagrid in the gloom was a massive dark shape ahead of him. Any sound seemed threatening in the muffled silence. The breaking of a twig echoed loudly and the tiniest rustle of movement, even though it might have been made by an innocent sparrow, caused Harry to peer through the gloom for a culprit. It occurred to him that he had never managed to get this far into the Forest without meeting some kind of creature	 their absence struck him as rather ominous.  'Hagrid, would it be all right if we lit our wands?' said Hermione quietly.  'Er . . . all righ',' Hagrid whispered back. Tn fact - '  He stopped suddenly and turned around	 Hermione walked right into him and was knocked over backwards. Harry caught her just before she hit the Forest floor.  'Maybe we bes' jus' stop fer a momen', so I can . . . fill yeh in,' said Hagrid. 'Before we ge' there, like.'  'Good!' said Hermione, as Harry set her back on her feet. They both murmured 'Lumos/' and their wand-tips ignited. Hagrid's face swam through the gloom by the light of the two wavering beams and Harry saw again that he looked nervous and sad.  'Righ',' said Hagrid. 'Well . . . see . . . the thing is . . .'  He took a great breath.  'Well, there's a good chance I'm goin' ter be gettin' the sack any day now,' he said.  Harry and Hermione looked at each other, then back at him  'But you've lasted this long - ' Hermione said tentatively. 'What makes you think - '  'Umbridge reckons it was me that put tha' Niffler in her office.'  'And was it?' said Harry, before he could stop himself.  'No, it ruddy well wasn'!' said Hagrid indignantly. 'On'y any-thin' ter do with magical creatures an' she thinks it's got somethin' ter do with me. Yeh know she's bin lookin' fer a chance ter get rid of me ever since I got back. I don' wan' ter go, o' course, but if it wasn' fer . . . well . . . the special circumstances I'm abou' ter explain to yeh, I'd leave righ' now, before she's go' the chance ter do it in front o' the whole school, like she did with Trelawney'  Harry and Hermione both made noises of protest, but Hagrid overrode them with a wave of one of his enormous hands.  'It's not the end o' the world, I'll be able ter help Dumbledo-e once I'm outta here, I can be useful ter the Order. Air you lot'll have Grubbly-Plank, yeh'll - yeh'll get through yer exams fine . . .'  His voice trembled and broke.  'Don' worry abou' me,' he said hastily, as Hermione made to pat his arm. He pulled his enormous spotted handkerchief from the pocket of his waistcoat and mopped his eyes with it. 'Look, I wouldn' be tellin' yer this at all if I didn' have ter. See, if I go . . . well, I can' leave withou' . . . withou' tellin' someone . . . because I'll - I'll need yeh two ter help me. An' Ron, if he's willin'.'  'Of course we'll help you,' said Harry at once. 'What do you want us to do?'  Hagrid gave a great sniff and patted Harry wordlessly on the shoulder with such force Harry was knocked sideways into a tree.  'I knew yeh'd say yes,' said Hagrid into his handkerchief, 'but I won' . . . never . . . forget . . . well . . . c'mon . . . jus' a little bit further through here . . . watch yerselves, now, there's nettles . . .'  They walked on in silence for another fifteen minutes	 Harry had opened his mouth to ask how much further they had to go when Hagrid threw out his right arm to signal that they should stop.  'Really easy,' he said softly. 'Very quiet, now . . .'  They crept forwards and Harry saw that they were facing a large, smooth mound of earth nearly as tall as Hagrid that he thought, with a jolt of dread, was sure to be the lair of some enormous animal. Trees had been ripped up at the roots all around the mound, so that it stood on a bare patch of ground surrounded by heaps of trunks and boughs that formed a kind of fence or barricade, behind which Harry, Hermione and Hagrid now stood.  'Sleepin',' breathed Hagrid.  Sure enough, Harry could hear a distant, rhythmic rumbling that sounded like a pair of enormous lungs at work. He glanced sideways at Hermione, who was gazing at the mound with her mouth slightly open. She looked utterly terrified.  'Hagrid,' she said in a whisper barely audible over the sound of the sleeping creature, 'who is he?'  Harry found this an odd question . . . 'What is it?' was the one he
Order of the Phoenix=OWLsRon's euphoria at helping Gryffindor scrape the Quidditch cup was such that he couldn't settle to anything next day. All he wanted to do was talk over the match, so Harry and Hermione found it very difficult to find an opening in which to mention Grawp. Not that either of them tried very hard	 neither was keen to be the one to bring Ron back to reality in quite such a brutal fashion. As it was another fine, warm day, they persuaded him to join them in revising under the beech tree at the edge of the lake, where they had less chance of being overheard than in the common room. Ron was not particularly keen on this idea at first - he was thoroughly enjoying being patted on the back by every Gryffindor who walked past his chair, not to mention the occasional outbursts of 'Weasley is our King' - but after a while he agreed that some fresh air might do him good.  They spread their books out in the shade of the beech tree and sat down while Ron talked them through his first save of the match for what felt like the dozenth time.  'Well, I mean, I'd already let in that one of Daviess, so I wasn't feeling all that confident, but I dunno, when Bradley came towards me, just out of nowhere, I thought - you can do this! And I had about a second to decide which way to fly, you know, because he looked like he was aiming for the right goalhoop - my right, obviously, his left - but I had a funny feeling that he was feinting, and so I took the chance and flew left - his right, I mean - and - well - you saw what happened,' he concluded modestly, sweeping his hair back quite unnecessarily so that it looked interestingly windswept and glancing around to see whether the people nearest  to them - a bunch of gossiping third-year Hufflepulis - had heard him. 'And then, when Chambers came at me about five minutes later - What?' Ron asked, having stopped mid-sentence at the look on Harry's face. 'Why are you grinning?'  'I'm not,' said Harry quickly, and looked down at his Transfiguration notes, attempting to straighten his lace. The truth was that Ron had just reminded Harry forcibly of another Gryffindor Quidditch player who had once sat rumpling his hair under this very tree. 'I'm just glad we won, that's all.'  'Yeah,' said Ron slowly, savouring the words, 'we won. Did you see the look on Chang's face when Ginny got the Snitch right out from under her nose?'  'I suppose she cried, did she?' said Harry bitterly.  'Well, yeah - more out of temper than anything, though . . .' Ron frowned slightly. 'But you saw her chuck her broom away when she got back to the ground, didn't you?'  'Er - ' said Harry  'Well, actually . . . no, Ron,' said Hermione with a heavy sigh, putting down her book and looking at him apologetically. 'As a matter of fact, the only bit of the match Harry and I saw was Davies's first goal.'  Ron's carefully ruffled hair seemed to wilt with disappointment. 'You didn't watch?' he said faintly, looking from one to the other. 'You didn't see me make any of those saves?'  Well - no,' said Hermione, stretching out a placatory hand towards him. 'But Ron, we didn't want to leave - we had to!'  'Yeah?' said Ron, whose face was growing rather red. 'How come?'  'It was Hagrid,' said Harry. 'He decided to tell us why he's been covered in injuries ever since he got back from the giants. He wanted us to go into the Forest with him, we had no choice, you know how he gets. Anyway . . .  The story was told in five minutes, by the end of which Ron's indignation had been replaced by a look of total incredulity.  'He brought one back and hid it in the Forest?'  'Yep,' said Harry grimly.  'No,' said Ron, as though by saying this he could make it untrue. 'No, he can't have.'  'Well, he has,' said Hermione firmly. 'Grawps about sixteen feet tall, enjoys ripping up twenty-foot pine trees, and knows me,' she snorted, 'as Hermy.'  Ron gave a nervous laugh.  'And Hagrid wants us to . . . ?'  Teach him English, yeah,' said Harry.  'He's lost his mind,' said Ron in an almost awed voice.  'Yes,' said Hermione irritably, turning a page of Intermediate Transfiguration and glaring at a series of diagrams showing an owl turning into a pair of opera glasses. 'Yes, I'm starting to think he has. But, unfortunately, he made Harry and me promise.'  'Well, you're just going to have to break your promise, that's all,' said Ron firmly. 'I mean, come on . . . we've got exams and we're about that far - ' he held up his hand to show thumb and forefinger almost touching '- from being chucked out as it is. And anyway . . . remember Norbert? Remember Aragog? Have we ever come off better for mixing with any of Hagrid's monster mates?'  'I know, it's just that - we promised,' said Hermione in a small voice.  Ron smoothed his hair flat again, looking preoccupied.  'Well,' he sighed, 'Hagrid hasn't been sacked yet, has he? He's hung on this long, maybe he'll hang on till the end of term and we won't have to go near Grawp at all.'*The castle grounds were gleaming in the sunlight as though freshly painted	 the cloudless sky smiled at itself in the smoothly sparkling lake	 the satin green lawns rippled occasionally in a gentle breeze. June had arrived, but to the fifth-years this meant only one thing: their OWLs were upon them at last.  Their teachers were no longer setting them homework	 lessons were devoted to revising those topics the teachers thought most likely to come up in the exams. The purposeful, feverish atmosphere drove nearly everything but the OWLs from Harry's mind, though he did wonder occasionally during Potions lessons whether Lupin had ever told Snape that he must continue giving Harry Ooclumency tuition. If he had, then Snape had ignored Lupin as thoroughly as he was now ignoring Harry. This suited Harry very well	 he was quite busy and tense enough without extra classes with Snape, and to his relief Hermione was much too preoccupied these days to badger him about Occlumency	 she was spending a lot of time muttering to herself, and had not laid out any elf clothes for days.  She was not the only person acting oddly as the OWLs drew steadily nearer. Ernie Macmillan had developed an irritating habit of interrogating people about their revision practices.  'How many hours d'you think you're doing a day?' he demanded of Harry and Ron as they queued outside Herbology, a manic gleam in his eyes.  'I dunno,' said Ron. 'A few.'  'More or less than eight?'  'Less, I s'pose,' said Ron, looking slightly alarmed.  'I'm doing eight,' said Ernie, puffing out his chest. 'Eight or nine. I'm getting an hour in before breakfast every day. Eights my average. I can do ten on a good weekend day. I did nine and a half on Monday. Not so good on Tuesday - only seven and a quarter. Then on Wednesday - '  Harry was deeply thankful that Professor Sprout ushered them into greenhouse three at that point, forcing Ernie to abandon his recital.  Meanwhile, Draco Malfoy had found a different way to induce panic.  'Of course, it's not what you know,' he was heard to tell Crabbe and Goyle loudly outside Potions a few days before the exams were to start, 'it's who you know. Now, Father's been friendly with the head of the Wizarding Examinations Authority for years - old Griselda Marchbanks - we've had her round for dinner and everthing . . .'  'Do you think that's true?' Hermione whispered in alarm to Harry and Ron.  'Nothing we can do about it if it is,' said Ron gloomily.  'I don't think it's true,' said Neville quietly from behind them. 'Because Griselda Marchbanks is a friend of my gran's, and she's never mentioned the Malfoy's.'  'What's she like, Neville?' asked Hermione at once. 'Is she strict?'  'Bit like Gran, really,' said Neville in a subdued voice.  'Knowing her won't hurt your chances, though, will it?' Ron told him encouragingly.  'Oh, I don't think it will make any difference,' said Neville, still more miserably. 'Gran's always telling Professor Marchbanks I'm not as good as my dad . . . well . . . you saw what she's like at St Mungo's  Neville looked fixedly at the floor. Harry, Ron and Hermione glanced at each other, but didn't know what to say. It was the first time Neville had acknowledged that they had met at the wizarding hospital.  Meanwhile, a flourishing black-market trade in aids to concentration, mental agility and wakefulness had sprung up among the fifth- and seventh-years. Harry and Ron were much tempted by the bottle of Baruffio's Brain Elixir offered to them by Ravenclaw sixth-year Eddie Carmichael, who swore it was solely responsible for the nine 'Outstanding' OWLs he had gained the previous summer and was offering a whole pint for a mere twelve Galleons. Ron assured Harry he would reimburse him for his half the moment he left Hogwarts and got a job, but before they could close the deal, Hermione had confiscated the bottle from Carmichael and poured the contents down a toilet.  'Hermione, we wanted to buy that!' shouted Ron.  'Don't be stupid,' she snarled. 'You might as well take Harold Dingle's powdered dragon claw and have done with it.'  'Dingle's got powdered dragon claw?' said Ron eagerly.  'Not any more,' said Hermione. 'I confiscated that, too. None of these things actually work, you know.'  'Dragon claw does work!' said Ron. 'It's supposed to be incredible, really gives your brain a boost, you come over all cunning for a few hours - Hermione, let me have a pinch, go on, it can't hurt - '  This stuff can,' said Hermione grimly. 'I've had a look at it, and it's actually dried Doxy droppings.'  This information took the edge off Harry and Ron's desire for brain stimulants.  They received their examination timetables and details of the procedure for OWLs during their next Transfiguration lesson.  'As you can see,' Professor McGonagall told the class as they copied down the dates and times of their exams from the blackboard, 'your OWLs are spread over two successive weeks. You will sit the theory papers in the mornings and the practice in the afternoons. Your practical Astronomy examination will, of course, take place at night.  'Now, I must warn you that the most stringent anti-cheating charms have been applied to your examination papers. Auto-Answer Quills are banned from the examination hall, as are Remembralls, Detachable Cribbing Cuffs and Self-Correcting Ink. Every year, I am afraid to say, seems to harbour at least one student who thinks that he or she can get around the Wizarding Examinations Authority's rules. I can only hope that it is nobody in Gryffindor. Our new - Headmistress - ' Professor McGonagall pronounced the word with the same look on her face that Aunt Petunia had whenever she was contemplating a particularly stubborn bit of dirt '- has asked the Heads of House to tell their students that cheating will be punished most severely - because, of course, your examination results will reflect upon the Headmistress's new regime at the school - '  Professor McGonagall gave a tiny sigh	 Harry saw the nostrils of her sharp nose flare.  ' - however, that is no reason not to do your very best. You have your own futures to think about.'  'Please, Professor,' said Hermione, her hand in the air, 'when will we find out our results?'  'An owl will be sent to you some time in July,' said Professcr McGonagall.  'Excellent,' said Dean Thomas in an audible whisper, 'so we don't have to worry about it till the holidays.'  Harry imagined sitting in his bedroom in Privet Drive in six weeks' time, waiting for his OWL results. Well, he thought dully', at least he would be sure of one bit of post that summer.  Their first examination, Theory of Charms, was scheduled for Monday morning. Harry agreed to test Hermione after lunch on Sunday, but regretted it almost at once	 she was very agitated and kept snatching the book back from him to check that she had got the answer completely right, finally hitting him hard on the nose with the sharp edge of Achievements in Charming.  'Why don't you just do it yourself?' he said firmly, handing the book back to her, his eyes watering.  Meanwhile, Ron was reading two years' worth of Charms notes with his fingers in his ears, his lips moving soundlessly	 Seamus Finnigan was lying flat on his back on the floor, reciting the definition of a Substantive Charm while Dean checked it against The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 5	 and Parvati and Lavender, who were practising basic Locomotion Charms, were making their pencil-cases race each other around the edge of the table.  Dinner was a subdued affair that night. Harry and Ron did not talk much, but ate with gusto, having studied hard all day. Hermione, on the other hand, kept putting down her knife and fork and diving under the table for her bag, from which she would seize a book to check some fact or figure. Ron was just telling her that she ought to eat a decent meal or she would not sleep that night, when her fork slid from her limp fingers and landed with a loud tinkle on her plate.  'Oh, my goodness,' she said faintly, staring into the Entrance Hall. 'Is that them? Is that the examiners?'  Harry and Ron whipped around on their bench. Through the doors to the Great Hall they could see Umbridge standing with a small group of ancient-looking witches and wizards. Umbridge, Harry was pleased to see, looked rather nervous.  'Shall we go and have a closer look?' said Ron.  Harry and Hermione nodded and they hastened towards the double doors into the Entrance Hall, slowing down as they stepped over the threshold to walk sedately past the examiners. Harry thought Professor Marchbanks must be the tiny, stooped witch with a face so lined it looked as though it had been draped in cobwebs	 Umbridge was speaking to her deferentially. Professor Marchbanks seemed to be a little deaf	 she was answering Professor Umbridge very loudly considering they were only a foot apart.  'Journey was fine, journey was fine, we've made it plenty of times before!' she said impatiently. 'Now, I haven't heard from Dumbledore lately!' she added, peering around the Hall as though hopeful he might suddenly emerge from a broom cupboard. 'No idea where he is, I suppose?'  'None at all,' said Umbridge, shooting a malevolent look at Harry, Ron and Hermione, who were now dawdling around the foot of the stairs as Ron pretended to do up his shoelace. 'But I daresay the Ministry of Magic will track him down soon enough.'  'I doubt it,' shouted tiny Professor Marchbanks, 'not it Dumbledore doesn't want to be found! I should know . . . examined him personally in Transfiguration and Charms when he did NEWTs . . . did things with a wand I'd never seen before.'  'Yes . . . well . . .' said Professor Umbridge as Harry, Ron and Hermione dragged their feet up the marble staircase as slowly as they dared, 'let me show you to the staff room. I daresay you'd like a cup of tea after your journey.'  It was an uncomfortable sort of an evening. Everyone was trying to do some last-minute revising but nobody seemed to be getting very far. Harry went to bed early but then lay awake for what felt like hours. He remembered his careers consultation and McGonagall's furious declaration that she would help him become an Auror if it was the last thing she did. He wished he had expressed a more achievable ambition now that exam time was here. He knew he was not the only one lying awake, but none of the others in the dormitory spoke and finally, one by one, they fell asleep.  None of the fifth-years talked very much at breakfast next day, either: Parvati was practising incantations under her breath while the salt cellar in front of her twitched	 Hermione was rereading Achievements in Charming so fast that her eyes appeared blurred
Order of the Phoenix=Out of the Fire'I'm not going . . . I don't need the hospital wing . . . I don't want . . .'  He was gibbering as he tried to pull away from Professor Tofty, who was looking at Harry with much concern after helping him out into the Entrance Hall with the students all around them staring.  I'm - I'm fine, sir,' Harry stammered, wiping the sweat from his face. 'Really . . . I just fell asleep . . . had a nightmare . . .'  'Pressure of examinations!' said the old wizard sympathetically, patting Harry shakily on the shoulder. 'It happens, young man, it happens! Now, a cooling drink of water, and perhaps you will be ready to return to the Great Hall? The examination is nearly over, but you may be able to round off your last answer nicely?'  'Yes,' said Harry wildly. 'I mean . . . no . . . I've done - done z.s much as I can, I think . . .  'Very well, very well,' said the old wizard gently. 'I shall go and collect your examination paper and I suggest that you go and have a nice lie down.'  'I'll do that,' said Harry, nodding vigorously. 'Thanks very much.'  The second that the old man's heels disappeared over the threshold into the Great Hall, Harry ran up the marble staircase, hurtled along the corridors so fast the portraits he passed muttered reproaches, up more flights of stairs, and finally burst like a hurricane through the double doors of the hospital wing, causing Madam Pomfrey - who had been spooning some bright blue liquid into Montagues open mouth - to shriek in alarm.  'Potter, what do you think you're doing?'  'I need to see Professor McGonagall,' gasped Harry, the breath tearing his lungs. 'Now . . . it's urgent!'  'She's not here, Potter,' said Madam Pomfrey sadly. 'She was transferred to St Mungo's this morning. Four Stunning Spells straight to the chest at her age? It's a wonder they didn't kill her.'  'She's . . . gone?' said Harry, shocked.  The bell rang just outside the dormitory and he heard the usual distant rumbling of students starting to flood out into the corridors above and below him. He remained quite still, looking at Madam Pomfrey. Terror was rising inside him.  There was nobody left to tell. Dumbledore had gone, Hagrid had gone, but he had always expected Professor McGonagall to be there, irascible and inflexible, perhaps, but always dependably, solidly present . . .  'I don't wonder you're shocked, Potter,' said Madam Pomfrey, with a kind of fierce approval in her face. 'As if one of them could have Stunned Minerva McGonagall face-on by daylight! Cowardice, that's what it was . . . despicable cowardice . . . if I wasn't worried what would happen to you students without me, I'd resign in protest.'  'Yes,' said Harry blankly.  He wheeled around and strode blindly from the hospital wing into the teeming corridor where he stood, buffeted by the crowd, panic expanding inside him like poison gas so that his head swam and he could not think what to do . . .  Ron and Hermione, said a voice in his head.  He was running again, pushing students out of the way, oblivious to their angry protests. He sprinted, back down two floors and was at the top of the marble staircase when he saw them hurrying towards him.  'Harry!' said Hermione at once, looking very frightened. 'What happened? Are you all right? Are you ill?'  'Where have you been?' demanded Ron.  'Come with me,' Harry said quickly. 'Come on, I've got to tell you something.'  He led them along the first-floor corridor, peering through doorways, and at last found an empty classroom into which he dived, closing the door behind Ron and Hermione the moment they were inside, and leaned against it, facing them.  'Voldemorts got Sirius.'  'What?'  'How d'you - ?'  'Saw it. Just now. When I fell asleep in the exam.'  'But - but where? How?' said Hermione, whose face was white.  'I dunno how,' said Harry. 'But I know exactly where. There's a room in the Department of Mysteries full of shelves covered in these little glass balls and they're at the end of row ninety-seven . . . he's trying to use Sirius to get whatever it is he wants from in there . . . he's torturing him . . . says he'll end by killing him!'  Harry found his voice was shaking, as were his knees. He moved over to a desk and sat down on it, trying to master himself.  'How're we going to get there?' he asked them.  There was a moment's silence. Then Ron said, 'G-get there?'  'Get to the Department of Mysteries, so we can rescue Sirius!' Harry said loudly.  'But - Harry . . .' said Ron weakly.  'What? What?' said Harry.  He could not understand why they were both gaping at him as though he was asking them something unreasonable.  'Harry,' said Hermione in a rather frightened voice, 'er . . . how . . . how did Voldemort get into the Ministry of Magic without anybody realising he was there?'  'How do I know?' bellowed Harry. The question is how we're going to get in there!'  'But . . . Harry, think about this,' said Hermione, taking a step towards him, 'its five o'clock in the afternoon . . . the Ministry of Magic must be full of workers . . . how would Voldemort and Sirius have got in without being seen? Harry . . . they're probably the two most wanted wizards in the world . . . you think they could get into a building full of Aurors undetected?'  'I dunno, Voldemort used an Invisibility Cloak or something!' Harry shouted. 'Anyway, the Department of Mysteries has always been completely empty whenever I've been - '  'You've never been there, Harry,' said Hermione quietly. 'You've dreamed about the place, that's all.'  'They're not normal dreams!' Harry shouted in her face, standing up and taking a step closer to her in turn. He wanted to shake her. 'How d'you explain Ron's dad then, what was all that about, how come I knew what had happened to him?'  'He's got a point,' said Ron quietly, looking at Hermione.  'But this is just - just so unlikely!' said Hermione desperately. 'Harry, how on earth could Voldemort have got hold of Sirius when he's been in Grimmauld Place all the time?'  'Sirius might've cracked and just wanted some fresh air,' said Ron, sounding worried. 'He's been desperate to get out of that house for ages - '  'But why,' Hermione persisted, 'why on earth would Voldemort want to use Sirius to get the weapon, or whatever the thing is?'  'I dunno, there could be loads of reasons!' Harry yelled at her. 'Maybe Sirius is just someone Voldemort doesn't care about seeing hurt - '  'You know what, I've just thought of something,' said Ron in a hushed voice. 'Sirius's brother was a Death Eater, wasn't he? Maybe he told Sirius the secret of how to get the weapon!'  'Yeah - and that's why Dumbledore's been so keen to keep Sirius locked up all the time!' said Harry.  'Look, I'm sorry,' cried Hermione, 'but neither of you is making sense, and we've got no proof for any of this, no proof Voldemort and Sirius are even there - '  'Hermione, Harry's seen them!' said Ron, rounding on her.  'OK,' she said, looking frightened yet determined, 'I've just got to say this - '  'What?'  'You . . . this isn't a criticism, Harry! But you do . . . sort of . . . I mean - don't you think you've got a bit of a - a - saving-people thing?' she said.  He glared at her.  'And what's that supposed to mean, a saving-people thing?'  'Well . . . you . . .' she looked more apprehensive than ever. 'I mean . . . last year, for instance . . . in the lake . . . during the Tournament . . . you shouldn't have . . . I mean, you didn't need to save that little Delacour girl . . . you got a bit . . . carried away . . .'  A wave of not, prickly anger swept through Harry's body	 now could she remind him of that blunder now?  'I mean, it was really great of you and everything,' said Hermione quickly, looking positively petrified at the look on Harry's face, 'everyone thought it was a wonderful thing to do -  That's funny,' said Harry through gritted teeth, 'because I definitely remember Ron saying I'd wasted time acting the hero . . . is that what you think this is? You reckon I want to act the hero again?'  'No, no, no!' said Hermione, looking aghast. That's not what I mean at all!'  'Well, spit out what you've got to say, because we're wasting time here!' Harry shouted.  I'm trying to say - Voldemort knows you, Harry! He took Ginny down into the Chamber of Secrets to lure you there, it's the kind of thing he does, he knows you're the - the sort of person who'd go to Sirius's aid! What if he's just trying to get you into the Department of Myst - ?'  'Hermione, it doesn't matter if he's done it to get me there or not - they've taken McGonagall to St Mungo's, there isn't anyone from the Order left at Hogwarts who we can tell, and if we don't go, Sirius is dead!'  'But Harry - what if your dream was - was just that, a dream?'  Harry let out a roar of frustration. Hermione actually stepped back from him, looking alarmed.  'You don't get it!' Harry shouted at her, 'I'm not having nightmares, I'm not just dreaming! What d'you think all the Occlumency was for, why d'you think Dumbledore wanted me prevented from seeing these things? Because they're REAL, Hermione - Sirius is trapped, I've seen him. Voldemort's got him, and no one else knows, and that means we're the only ones who can save him, and if you don't want to do it, fine, but I'm going, understand? And if I remember rightly, you didn't have a problem with my saving-people thing when it was you I was saving from the Dementors, or - ' he rounded on Ron - when it was your sister I was saving from the Basilisk - '  'I never said I had a problem!' said Ron heatedly.  'But Harry, you've just said it,' said Hermione fiercely, 'Dumbledore wanted you to learn to shut these things out of your mind, if you'd done Occlumency properly you'd never have seen this - '  'IF YOU THINK I'M JUST GOING TO ACT LIKE I HAVEN'T SEEN - '  'Sirius told you there was nothing more important than you learning to close your mind!'  'WELL, I EXPECT HE'D SAY SOMETHING DIFFERENT IF HE KNEW WHAT I'D JUST - '  The classroom door opened. Harry, Ron and Hermione whipped around. Ginny walked in, looking curious, closely followed by Luna, who as usual looked as though she had drifted in accidentally.  'Hi,' said Ginny uncertainly. 'We recognised Harry's voice. What are you yelling about?'  'Never you mind,' said Harry roughly.  Ginny raised her eyebrows.  'There's no need to take that tone with me,' she said coolly, T was only wondering whether I could help.'  'Well, you can't,' said Harry shortly.  'You're being rather rude, you know,' said Luna serenely.  Harry swore and turned away. The very last thing he wanted now was a conversation with Luna Lovegood.  'Wait,' said Hermione suddenly. 'Wait . . . Harry, they can help.'  Harry and Ron looked at her.  'Listen,' she said urgently, 'Harry, we need to establish whether Sirius really has left Headquarters.'  'I've told you, I saw - '  'Harry, I'm begging you, please!' said Hermione desperately. 'Please let's just check that Sirius isn't at home before we go charging off to London. If we find out he's not there, then I swear I won't try to stop you. I'll come, I'll d - do whatever it takes to try and save him.'  'Sirius is being tortured NOW!' shouted Harry. 'We haven't got time to waste.'  'But if this is a trick of Voldemort's, Harry, we've got to check, we've got to.'  'How?' Harry demanded. 'How're we going to check?'  'We'll have to use Umbridge's fire and see if we can contact him, said Hermione, who looked positively terrified at the thought. 'We'll draw Umbridge away again, but we'll need lookouts, and that's where we can use Ginny and Luna.'  Though clearly struggling to understand what was going on, Ginny said immediately, 'Yeah, we'll do it,' and Luna said, 'When you say Sirius, are you talking about Stubby Boardman?'  Nobody answered her.  'OK,' Harry said aggressively to Hermione, 'OK, if you can think of a way of doing this quickly, I'm with you, otherwise I'm going to the Department of Mysteries right now.'  The Department of Mysteries?' said Luna, looking mildly surprised. 'But how are you going to get there?'  Again, Harry ignored her.  'Right,' said Hermione, twisting her hands together and pacing up and down between the desks. 'Right . . . well . . . one of us has to go and find Umbridge and - and send her off in the wrong direction, keep her away from her office. They could tell her - I don't know - that Peeves is up to something awful as usual . . .'  'I'll do it,' said Ron at once. 'I'll tell her Peeves is smashing up the Transfiguration department or something, it's miles away from her office. Come to think of it, I could probably persuade Peeves to do it if I met him on the way.'  It was a mark of the seriousness of the situation that Hermione made no objection to the smashing up of the Transfiguration department.  'OK,' she said, her brow furrowed as she continued to pace. 'Now, we need to keep students right away from her office while we force entry, or some Slytherin's bound to go and tip her off.  'Luna and I can stand at either end of the corridor, said Ginny promptly, 'and warn people not to go down there because someone's let off a load of Garrotting Gas.' Hermione looked surprised at the readiness with which Ginny had come up with this lie	 Ginny shrugged and said, 'Fred and George were planning to do it before they left.'  'OK,' said Hermione. 'Well then, Harry, you and I will be under the Invisibility Cloak and we'll sneak into the office and you can talk to Sirius - '  'He's not there, Hermione!'  'I mean, you can - can check whether Sirius is at home or not while I keep watch, I don't think you should be in there alone, Lee's already proved the windows a weak spot, sending those Nifflers through it.'  Even through his anger and impatience, Harry recognised Hermione's offer to accompany him into Umbridge's office as a sign of solidarity and loyalty.  'I . . . OK, thanks,' he muttered.  'Right, well, even if we do all of that, I don't think we're going to be able to bank on more than five minutes,' said Hermione, looking relieved that Harry seemed to have accepted the plan, 'not with Filch and the wretched Inquisitorial Squad floating around.'  'Five minutes'll be enough,' said Harry 'C'mon, let's go - '  'Now?' said Hermione, looking shocked.  'Of course now!' said Harry angrily. 'What did you think, we're going to wait until after dinner or something? Hermione, Sirius is being tortured right now!'  'I - oh, all right,' she said desperately. 'You go and get the Invisibility Cloak and we'll meet you at the end of Umbridge's corridor, OK?'  Harry didn't answer, but flung himself out of the room and began to fight his way through the milling crowds outside. Two floors up he met Seamus and Dean, who hailed him jovially and told him they were planning a dusk-till-dawn end-of-exams celebration in the common room. Harry barely heard them. He scrambled through the portrait hole while they were still arguing about how many black-market Butterbeers they would need and was climbing back out of it, the Invisibility Cloak and Sirius's knife secure in his bag, before they noticed he had left them.  'Harry, d'you want to chip in a couple of Galleons? Harold Dingle reckons he could sell us some Firewhisky - '  But Harry was already tearing away back along the corridor, and a couple of minutes later was jumping the last few stairs to join Ron, Hermione, Ginny and Luna, who were huddled together at the end of Umbridge's corridor.  'Got it,' he panted. 'Ready to go, then?'  All right, whispered Hermione as a gang of loud sixth-years passed them. 'So Ron - you go and head Umbridge off . . . Ginny, Luna, if you can start moving people out of the corridor . . . Harry and I will get the Cloak on and wait until the coast is clear . . .  Ron strode away, his bright-red hair visible right to the end of the passage	 meanwhile Ginny's equally vivid head bobbed between the jostling students surrounding them in the other direction, trailed by. Luna's blonde one.  'Get over here,' muttered Hermione, tugging at Harry's wrist and pulling him back into a recess where the ugly stone head of a medieval wizard stood muttering to itself on a column. 'Are - are you sure you're OK, Harry? You're still very pale.'  'I'm fine,' he said shortly, tugging the Invisibility Cloak from out of his bag. In truth, his scar was aching, but not so badly that he thought Voldemort had yet dealt Sirius a fatal blow	 it had hurt much worse than this when Voldemort had been punishing Avery . . .  'Here,' he said	 he threw the Invisibility Cloak over both of them and they stood listening carefully over the Latin mumblings of the bust in front of them.  'You can't come down here!' Ginny was calling to the crowd. 'No, sorry, you're going to have to go round by the swivelling staircase, someone's let off Garrotting Gas just along here - '  They could hear people complaining	 one surly voice said, 'I can't see no gas.'  That's because it's colourless,' said Ginny in a convincingly exasperated voice, 'but if you want to walk through it, carry on, then we'll have your body as proof for the next idiot who doesn't believe us.'  Slowly, the crowd thinned. The news about the Garrotting Gas seemed to have spread	 people were not coming this way any more. When at last the surrounding area was quite clear, Hermione said quietly, 'I think that's as good as we're going to get, Harry - cone on, let's do it.'  They moved forwards, covered by the Cloak. Luna was standing with her back to them at the far end of the corridor. As they passed Ginny, Hermione whispered, 'Good one . . . don't forget the signal.'  'What's the signal?' muttered Harry, as they approached Umbridge's door.  'A loud chorus of Weasley is our King if they see Umbridge coming,' replied Hermione, as Harry inserted the blade of Sirius's knife in the crack between door and wall. The lock clicked open and they entered the office.  The garish kittens were basking in the late-afternoon sunshine that was warming their plates, but otherwise the office was as still and unoccupied as last time. Hermione breathed a sigh of relief.  'I thought she might have added extra security after the second Niffler.'  They pulled off the Cloak	 Hermione hurried over to the window and stood out of sight, peering down into the grounds with her wand out. Harry dashed over to the fireplace, seized the pot of Floo powder and threw a pinch into the grate, causing emerald flames to burst into life there. He knelt down quickly, thrust his head into the dancing fire and cried, 'Number twelve, Grimmauld Place!'  His head began to spin as though he had just got off a fairground ride though his knees remained firmly planted on the cold office floor. He kept his eyes screwed up against the whirling ash and when the spinning stopped he opened them to find himself looking out at the long, cold kitchen of Grimmauld Place.  There was nobody there. He had expected this, yet was not prepared for the molten wave of dread and panic that seemed to burst through his stomach at the sight of the deserted room.  'Sirius?' he shouted. 'Sirius, are you there?'  His voice echoed around the room, but there was no answer except a tiny scuffing sound to the right of the tire.  'Who's there?' he called, wondering whether it was just a mouse.  Kreacher the house-elf crept into view. He looked highly delighted about something, though he seemed to have recently sustained a nasty injury to both hands, which were heavily bandaged.  'It's the Potter boys head in the fire,' Kreacher informed the empty kitchen, stealing furtive, oddly triumphant glances at Harry. 'What has he come for, Kreacher wonders?'  'Where's Sirius, Kreacher?' Harry demanded.  The house-elf gave a wheezy chuckle.  'Master has gone out, Harry Potter.'  'Where's he gone? Where's he gone, Kreacher?'  Kreacher merely cackled.  'I'm warning you!' said Harry, fully aware that his scope for inflicting punishment upon Kreacher was almost non-existent in this position. 'What about Lupin? Mad-Eye? Any of them, are any of them there?'  'Nobody here but Kreacher!' said the elf gleefully, and turning away from Harry he began to walk slowly towards the door at the end of the kitchen. 'Kreacher thinks he will have a little chat with his mistress now, yes, he hasn't had a chance in a long time, Kreacher's master has been keeping him away from her - '  'Where has Sirius gone?' Harry yelled after the elf. 'Kreacher, has he gone to the Department of Mysteries?'  Kreacher stopped in his tracks. Harry could just make out the back of his bald head through the forest of chair legs before him.  'Master does not tell poor Kreacher where he is going,' said the elf quietly.  'But you know!' shouted Harry. 'Don't you? You know where he is!'  There was a moment's silence, then the elf let out his loudest cackle yet.  'Master will not come back from the Department of Mysteries!' he said gleefully. 'Kreacher and his mistress are alone again!'  And he scurried forwards and disappeared through the door to the hall.  'You - '!'  But before he could utter a single curse or insult, Harry felt a great pain at the top of his head	 he inhaled a lot of ash and, choking, found himself being dragged backwards through the flames, until with a horrible abruptness he was staring up into the wide, pallid face of Professor Umbridge who had dragged him backwards out of the fire by the hair and was now bending his neck back as far as it would go, as though she were going to slit his throat.  'You think,' she whispered, bending Harry's neck back even further, so that he was looking up at the ceiling, 'that after two Nifflers  I was going to let one more foul, scavenging little creature enter my office without my knowledge? I had Stealth Sensoring Spells placed all around my doorway after the last one got in, you foolish boy. Take his wand,' she barked at someone he could not see, and he felt a hand grope inside the chest pocket of his robes and remove the wand. 'Hers, too.'  Harry heard a scuffle over by the door and knew that Hermione had also just had her wand wrested from her.  'I want to know why you are in my office,' said Umbridge, shaking the fist clutching his hair so that he staggered.  'I was - trying to get my Firebolt!' Harry croaked.  'Liar.' She shook his head again. 'Your Firebolt is under strict guard in the dungeons, as you very well know, Potter. You had your head in my fire. With whom have you been communicating?'  'No one - ' said Harry, trying to pull away from her. He felt several hairs part company with his scalp.  'Liar!' shouted Umbridge. She threw him from her and he slammed into the desk. Now he could see Hermione pinioned against the wall by Millicent Bulstrode. Malfoy was leaning on the windowsill, smirking as he threw Harry's wand into the air one-handed and caught it again.  There was a commotion outside and several large Slytherins entered, each gripping Ron, Ginny, Luna and - to Harry's bewilderment - Neville, who was trapped in a stranglehold by Crabbe and looked in imminent danger of suffocation. All four of them had been gagged.  'Got 'em all,' said Warrington, shoving Ron roughly forwards into the room. That one,' he poked a thick finger at Neville, 'tried to stop me taking her,' he pointed at Ginny, who was trying to kick the shins of the large Slytherin girl holding her, 'so I brought him along too.'  'Good, good,' said Umbridge, watching Ginny's struggles. 'Well, it looks as though Hogwarts will shortly be a Weasley-free zone, doesn't it?'  Malfoy laughed loudly and sycophantically. Umbridge gave her wide, complacent smile and settled herself into a chintz-covered armchair, blinking up at her captives like a toad in a flowerbed.  'So, Potter,' she said. 'You stationed lookouts around my office and you sent this buffoon,' she nodded at Ron - Malfoy laughed even louder - 'to tell me the poltergeist was wreaking havoc in the Transfiguration department when I knew perfectly well that he was busy smearing ink on the eyepieces of all the school telescopes - 'Mr Filch having just informed me so.  'Clearly, it was very important for you to talk to somebody. Was it Albus Dumbledore? Or the half-breed, Hagrid? I doubt it was Minerva McGonagall, I hear she is still too ill to talk to anyone.'  Malfoy and a few of the other members of the Inquisitorial Squad laughed some more at that. Harry found he was so full of rage and hatred he was shaking.  'It's none of your business who I talk to,' he snarled.  Umbridge's slack face seemed to tighten.  'Very well,' she said in her most dangerous and falsely sweet voice. 'Very well, Mr Potter . . . I offered you the chance to tell me freely. You refused. I have no alternative but to force you. Draco  ' - fetch Professor Snape.'  Malfoy slowed Harry's wand inside his robes and left the room smirking, but Harry hardly noticed. He had just realised something	 he could not believe he had been so stupid as to forget it. He had thought that all the members of the Order, all those who could help him save Sirius, were gone - but he had been wrong. There was still a member of the Order of the Phoenix at Hogwarts - Snape.  There was silence in the office except for the fidgetings and scufflings resulting from the Slytherins' efforts to keep Ron and the others under control. Ron's lip was bleeding on to Umbridge's carpet as he struggled against Warrington's half-nelson	 Ginny was still trying to stamp on the feel of the sixth-year girl who had both her upper arms in a tight grip	 Neville was turning steadily more purple in the face while lugging at Crabbe's arms	 and Hermione was attempting, in vain, to throw Millicent Bulstrode off her. Luna, however, stood limply by the side of her captor, gazing vaguely out of the window as though rather bored by the proceedings.  Harry looked back at Umbridge, who was watching him closely. He kept his face deliberately smooth and blank as footsteps were heard in the corridor outside and Draco Malfoy entered the room, closely followed by Snape.  'You wanted to see me, Headmistress?' said Snape, looking around at all the pairs of struggling students with an expression of complete indifference.  'Ah, Professor Snape,' said Umbridge, smiling widely and standing up again. 'Yes, I would like another bottle of Veritaserum, as quick as you can, please.'  'You took my last bottle to interrogate Potter,' he said, surveying her coolly through his greasy curtains of black hair. 'Surely you did not use it all? I told you that three drops would be sufficient.'  Umbridge flushed.  'You can make some more, can't you?' she said, her voice becoming more sweetly girlish as it always did when she was furious.  'Certainly,' said Snape, his lip curling. 'It takes a full moon-cycle to mature, so I should have it ready for you in around a month.'  'A month?' squawked Umbndge, swelling toadishly. 'A month! But I need it this evening, Snape! I have just found Potter using my fire to communicate with a person or persons unknown!'  'Really?' said Snape, showing his first, faint sign of interest as he looked round at Harry. 'Well, it doesn't surprise me. Potter has never shown much inclination to follow school rules.'  His cold, dark eyes were boring into Harry's, who met his gaze unflinchingly, concentrating hard on what he had seen in his dream, willing Snape to read it in his mind, to understand . . .  'I wish to interrogate him!' repeated Umbridge angrily, and Snape looked away from Harry back into her furiously quivering lace. 'I wish you to provide me with a potion that will force him to tell me the truth!'  'I have already told you,' said Snape smoothly, 'that I have no further stocks of Veritaserum. Unless you wish to poison Potter - 'and I assure you I would have the greatest sympathy with you if you did - I cannot help you. The only trouble is that most venoms act too fast to give the victim much lime for truth-telling.'  Snape looked back at Harry, who stared at him, frantic to communicate without words.  Voldemort's got Sirius in the Department of Mysteries, he thought desperately. Voldemorts got Sirius - '  'You are on probation!' shrieked Professor Umbridge, and Snape looked back at her, his eyebrows slightly raised. 'You arc being deliberately unhelpful! I expected better, Lucius Malfoy always speaks most highly of you! Now get out of my office!'  Snape gave her an ironic bow and turned to leave. Harry knew his last chance of letting the Order know what was going on was walking out of the door.  'He's got Padfoot!' he shouted. 'He's got Padfoot at the place where it's hidden!'  Snape had stopped with his hand on Umbridge's door handle.  'Padfoot?' cried Professor Umbridge, looking eagerly from Harry to Snape. 'What is Padfoot? Where what is hidden? What does he mean, Snape?'  Snape looked round at Harry. His face was inscrutable. Harry could not tell whether he had understood or not, but he did not dare speak more plainly in front of Umbridge.  'I have no idea,' said Snape coldly. 'Potter, when I want nonsense shouted at me I shall give you a Babbling Beverage. And Crabbe, loosen your hold a little. If Longbottom suffocates it will mean a lot of tedious paperwork and I am afraid I shall have to mention it on your reference if ever you apply for a job.'  He closed the door behind him with a snap, leaving Harry in a state of worse turmoil than before: Snape had been his very last hope. He looked at Umbridge, who seemed to be feeling the same way
Order of the Phoenix=Fight and FlightHarry had no idea what Hermione was planning, or even whether she had a plan. He walked half a pace behind her as they headed down the corridor outside Umbridge's office, knowing it would look very suspicious if he appeared not to know where they were going. He did not dare attempt to talk to her	 Umbridge was walking so closely behind them that he could hear her ragged breathing.  Hermione led the way down the stairs into the Entrance Hall. The din of loud voices and the clatter of cutlery on plates echoed from out of the double doors to the Great Hall - it seemed incredible to Harry that twenty feet away were people who were enjoying dinner, celebrating the end of exams, not a care in the world . . .  Hermione walked straight out of the oak front doors and down the stone steps into the balmy evening air. The sun was falling towards the tops of the trees in the Forbidden Forest now, and as Hermione marched purposefully across the grass - Umbridge jogging to keep up - their long dark shadows rippled over the grass behind them like cloaks.  'It's hidden in Hagrid's hut, is it?' said Umbridge eagerly in Harry's ear.  'Of course not,' said Hermione scathingly. 'Hagrid might have set it off accidentally.'  'Yes,' said Umbridge, whose excitement seemed to be mounting. 'Yes, he would have done, of course, the great half-breed oaf.'  She laughed. Harry felt a strong urge to swing round and seize her by the throat, but resisted. His scar was throbbing in the soft evening air but it had not yet burned white-hot, as he knew it would if Voldemort had moved in for the kill.  'Then . . . where is it? asked Umbridge, with a hint or uncertainty in her voice as Hermione continued to stride towards the Forest.  'In there, of course,' said Hermione, pointing into the dark trees. 'It had to be somewhere that students weren't going to find it accidentally, didn't it?'  'Of course,' said Umbridge, though she sounded a little apprehensive now. 'Of course . . . very well, then . . . you two stay ahead of me.'  'Can we have your wand, then, if we're going first?' Harry asked her.  'No, I don't think so, Mr Potter,' said Umbridge sweetly, poking him in the back with it. The Ministry places a rather higher value on my life than yours, I'm afraid.'  As they reached the cool shade of the first trees, Harry tried to catch Hermione s eye	 walking into the Forest without wands seemed to him to be more foolhardy than anything they had done so far this evening. She, however, merely gave Umbridge a contemptuous glance and plunged straight into the trees, moving at such a pace that Umbridge, with her shorter legs, had difficulty in keeping up.  'Is it very far in?' Umbridge asked, as her robe ripped on a bramble.  'Oh yes,' said Hermione, 'yes, it's well hidden.'  Harry's misgivings increased. Hermione was not taking the path they had followed to visit Grawp, but the one he followed three years ago to the lair of the monster Aragog. Hermione had not been with him on that occasion	 he doubted she had any idea what danger lay at the end of it.  'Er - are you sure this is the right way?' he asked her pointedly.  'Oh yes,' she said in a steely voice, crashing through the undergrowth with what he thought was a wholly unnecessary amount of noise. Behind them, Umbridge tripped over a fallen sapling. Neither of them paused to help her up again	 Hermione merely strode on, calling loudly over her shoulder, 'It's a bit further in!'  'Hermione, keep your voice down,' Harry muttered, hurrying to catch up with her. 'Anything could be listening in here - '  'I want us heard,' she answered quietly, as Umbridge jogged noisily after them. 'You'll see . . .'  They walked on for what seemed a long time, until they were once again so deep into the Forest that the dense tree canopy blocked out all light. Harry had the feeling he had had before in the Forest, one of being watched by unseen eyes.  'How much further?' demanded Umbridge angrily from behind him.  'Not far now!' shouted Hermione, as they emerged into a dim, dank clearing. 'Just a little bit - '  An arrow flew through the air and landed with a menacing thud in the tree just over her head. The air was suddenly full of the sound of hooves	 Harry could feel the Forest floor trembling	 Umbridge gave a little scream and pushed him in front of her like a shield - '  He wrenched himself free of her and turned. Around fifty centaurs were emerging on every side, their bows raised and loaded, pointing at Harry, Hermione and Umbridge. They backed slowly into the centre of the clearing, Umbridge uttering odd little whimpers of terror. Harry looked sideways at Hermione. She was wearing a triumphant smile.  'Who are you?' said a voice.  Harry looked left. The chestnut-bodied centaur called Magorian was walking towards them out of the circle: his bow, like those of the others, was raised. On Harry's right, Umbridge was still whimpering, her wand trembling violently as she pointed it at the advancing centaur.  'I asked you who are you, human,' said Magorian roughly.  'I am Dolores Umbridge!' said Umbridge in a high-pitched, terrified voice. 'Senior Undersecretary to the Minister for Magic and Headmistress and High Inquisitor of Hogwarts!'  'You are from the Ministry of Magic?' said Magorian, as many of the centaurs in the surrounding circle shifted restlessly.  'That's right!' said Umbridge, in an even higher voice, 'so be very careful! By the laws laid down by the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, any attack by half-breeds such as yourselves on a human - '  'What did you call us?' shouted a wild-looking black centaur, whom Harry recognised as Bane. There was a great deal of angry muttering and tightening of bowstrings around them.  'Don't call them that!' Hermione said furiously, but Umbridge did not appear to have heard her. Still pointing her shaking wand at Magorian, she continued, 'Law Fifteen B states clearly that any attack by a magical creature who is deemed to have near-human intelligence, and therefore considered responsible for its actions - '  ' Near-human intelligence?' repeated Magorian, as Bane and several others roared with rage and pawed the ground. 'We consider that a great insult, human! Our intelligence, thankfully, far outstrips your own.'  'What are you doing in our Forest?' bellowed the hard-faced grey centaur Harry and Hermione had seen on their last trip into the Forest. 'Why are you here?'  'Your Forest?' said Umbridge, shaking now not only with fright but also, it seemed, with indignation. 'I would remind you that you live here only because the Ministry of Magic permits you certain areas of land - '  An arrow flew so close to her head that it caught at her mousy hair in passing: she let out an ear-splitting scream and threw her hands over her head, while some of the centaurs bellowed their approval and others laughed raucously. The sound of their wild, neighing laughter echoing around the dimly lit clearing and the sight of their pawing hooves was extremely unnerving.  'Whose Forest is it now, human?' bellowed Bane.  'Filthy half-breeds!' she screamed, her hands still tight over her head. 'Beasts! Uncontrolled animals!'  'Be quiet!' shouted Hermione, but it was too late: Umbridge pointed her wand at Magorian and screamed, 'Incarcerous!'  Ropes flew out of midair like thick snakes, wrapping themselves tightly around the centaur's torso and trapping his arms: he gave a cry of rage and reared on to his hind legs, attempting to free himself, while the other centaurs charged.  Harry grabbed Hermione and pulled her to the ground	 face down on the Forest floor, he knew a moment of terror as hooves thundered around him, but the centaurs leapt over and around them, bellowing and screaming with rage.  'Nooooo!' he heard Umbridge shriek. 'Noooooo . . . I am Senior Undersecretary . . . you cannot - Unhand me, you animals . . . nooooo!'  Harry saw a flash of red light and knew she had attempted to Stun one of them	 then she screamed very loudly. Lifting his head a few inches, Harry saw that Umbridge had been seized from behind by Bane and lifted high into the air, wriggling and yelling with fright. Her wand fell from her hand to the ground, and Harry's heart leapt. If he could just reach it - '  But as he stretched out a hand towards it, a centaur's hoof descended upon the wand and it broke cleanly in half.  'Now!' roared a voice in Harry's ear and a thick hairy arm descended from thin air and dragged him upright. Hermione, too, had been pulled to her feet. Over the plunging, many-coloured backs and heads of the centaurs, Harry saw Umbridge being borne away through the trees by Bane. Screaming non-stop, her voice grew fainter and fainter until they could no longer hear it over the trampling of hooves surrounding them.  'And these?' said the hard-faced, grey centaur holding Hermione.  'They are young,' said a slow, doleful voice from behind Harry. 'We do not attack foals.'  'They brought her here, Ronan,' replied the centaur who had such a firm grip on Harry. 'And they are not so young . . . he is nearing manhood, this one.'  He shook Harry by the neck of his robes.  'Please,' said Hermione breathlessly, 'please, don't attack us, We don't think like her, we aren't Ministry of Magic employees! We only came in here because we hoped you'd drive her off for us.'  Harry knew at once, from the look on the face of the grey centaur holding Hermione, that she had made a terrible mistake in saying this. The grey centaur threw back his head, his back legs stamping furiously, and bellowed, 'You see, Ronan? They already have the arrogance of their kind! So we were to do your dirty work, were we, human girl? We were to act as your servants, drive away your enemies like obedient hounds?'  'No!' said Hermione in a horrorstruck squeak. 'Please - I didn't mean that! I just hoped you'd be able to - to help us - '  But she seemed to be going from bad to worse.  'We do not help humans!' snarled the centaur holding Harry, tightening his grip and rearing a little at the same time, so that Harry's feet left the ground momentarily. 'We are a race apart and proud to be so. We will not permit you to walk from here, boasting that we did your bidding!'  'We're not going to say anything like that!' Harry shouted. 'We know you didn't do what you did because we wanted you to - '  But nobody seemed to be listening to him.  A bearded centaur towards the back of the crowd shouted, They came here unasked, they must pay the consequences!'  A roar of approval met these words and a dun-coloured centaur shouted, 'They can join the woman!'  'You said you didn't hurt the innocent!' shouted Hermione, real tears sliding down her face now. 'We haven't done anything to hurt you, we haven't used wands or threats, we just want to go back to school, please let us go back - '  'We are not all like the traitor Firenze, human girl!' shouted the grey centaur, to more neighing roars of approval from his fellows. 'Perhaps you thought us pretty talking horses? We are an ancient people who will not stand wizard invasions and insults! We do not recognise your laws, we do not acknowledge your superiority, we are - '  But they did not hear what else centaurs were, for at that moment there came a crashing noise on the edge of the clearing so loud that all of them, Harry, Hermione and the fifty or so centaurs filling the clearing, looked around. Harry's centaur let him fall to the ground again as his hands flew to his bow and quiver of arrows. Hermione had been dropped, too, and Harry hurried towards her as two thick tree trunks parted ominously and the monstrous form of Grawp the giant appeared in the gap.  The centaurs nearest him backed into those behind	 the clearing was now a forest of bows and arrows waiting to be fired, all pointing upwards at the enormous greyish face now looming over them from just beneath the thick canopy of branches. Grawp's lopsided mouth was gaping stupidly	 they could see his bricklike yellow teeth glimmering in the half-light, his dull sludge-coloured eyes narrowed as he squinted down at the creatures at his feet. Broken ropes trailed from both ankles.  He opened his mouth even wider.  'Hagger.'  Harry did not know what 'hagger' meant, or what language it was from, nor did he much care	 he was watching Grawp's feet, which were almost as long as Harry's whole body. Hermione gripped his arm tightly	 the centaurs were quite silent, staring up at the giant, whose huge, round head moved from side to side as he continued to peer amongst them as though looking for something he had dropped.  'Hagger!' he said again, more insistently.  'Get away from here, giant!' called Magorian. 'You are not welcome among us!'  These words seemed to make no impression whatsoever on Grawp. He stooped a little (the centaurs' arms tensed on their bows), then bellowed, 'HAGGER!'  A few of the centaurs looked worried now. Hermione, however, gave a gasp.  'Harry!' she whispered. 'I think he's trying to say Hagrid!'  At this precise moment Grawp caught sight of them, the only two humans in a sea of centaurs. He lowered his head another foot or so, staring intently at them. Harry could feel Hermione shaking as Grawp opened his mouth wide again and said, in a deep, rumbling voice, 'Hermy.'  'Goodness,' said Hermione, gripping Harry's arm so tightly it was growing numb and looking as though she was about to faint, 'he - he remembered!'  'HERMY!' roared Grawp. 'WHERE HAGGER?'  'I don't know!' squealed Hermione, terrified. 'I'm sorry, Grawp, I don't know!'  'GRAWP WANT HAGGER!'  One of the giants massive hands reached down. Hermione let out a real scream, ran a few steps backwards and fell over. Devoid of a wand, Harry braced himself to punch, kick, bite or whatever else it took as the hand swooped towards him and knocked a snow-white centaur off his legs.  It was what the centaurs had been waiting for - Grawp's outstretched fingers were a foot from Harry when fifty arrows soared through the air at the giant, peppering his enormous face, causing him to howl with pain and rage and straighten up, rubbing his face with his enormous hands, breaking off the arrow shafts but forcing the arrowheads in still deeper.  He yelled and stamped his enormous feet and the centaur	 scattered out of the way
Order of the Phoenix=The DepartmentOf MysteriesHarry wound his hand tightly into the mane of the nearest Thestral, placed a foot on a stump nearby and scrambled clumsily on to the horse's silken back. It did not object, but twisted its head around, fangs bared, and attempted to continue its eager licking of his robes.  He found there was a way of lodging his knees behind the wing joints that made him feel more secure, then looked around at the others. Neville had heaved himself over the back of the next Thestral and was now attempting to swing one short leg over the creature's back. Luna was already in place, sitting side-saddle and adjusting her robes as though she did this every day. Ron, Hermione and Ginny, however, were still standing motionless on the spot, open-mouthed and staring.  'What?' he said.  'How're we supposed to get on?' said Ron faintly. 'When we can't see the things?'  'Oh, it's easy,' said Luna, sliding obligingly from her Thestral and marching over to him, Hermione and Ginny. 'Come here . . .'  She pulled them over to the other Thestrals standing around and one by one managed to help them on to the back of their mount. All three looked extremely nervous as she wound their hands into their horses mane and told them to grip tightly before she got back on to her own steed.  This is mad,' Ron murmured, moving his free hand gingerly up and down his horses neck. 'Mad . . . if I could just see it - '  'You'd better hope it stays invisible,' said Harry darkly. 'We all ready, then?'  They all nodded and he saw live pairs of knees tighten beneath their robes.  'OK . . .'  He looked down at the back of his Thestral's glossy black head and swallowed.  'Ministry of Magic, visitors' entrance, London, then,' he said uncertainly. 'Er . . . if you know . . . where to go . . .'  For a moment Harry's Thestral did nothing at all	 then, with a sweeping movement that nearly unseated him, the wings on either side extended	 the horse crouched slowly, then rocketed upwards so fast and so steeply that Harry had to clench his arms and legs tightly around the horse to avoid sliding backwards over its bony rump. He closed his eyes and pressed his face down into the horses silky mane as they burst through the topmost branches of the trees and soared out into a blood-red sunset.  Harry did not think he had ever moved so fast: the Thestral streaked over the castle, its wide wings hardly beating	 the cooling air was slapping Harry's face	 eyes screwed up against the rushing wind, he looked round and saw his five fellows soaring along behind him, each of them bent as low as possible into the neck of their Thestral to protect themselves from his slipstream.  They were over the Hogwarts grounds, they had passed Hogsmeade	 Harry could see mountains and gullies below them. As the daylight began to fail, Harry saw small collections of lights as they passed over more villages, then a winding road on which a single car was beetling its way home through the hills . . .  This is bizarre!' Harry barely heard Ron yell from somewhere behind him, and he imagined how it must feel to be speeding along at this height with no visible means of support.  Twilight fell: the sky was turning to a light, dusky purple littered with tiny silver stars, and soon only the lights of Muggle towns gave them any clue of how far from the ground they were, or how very fast they were travelling. Harry's arms were wrapped tightly around his horse's neck as he willed it to go even faster. How much time had elapsed since he had seen Sirius lying on the Department of Mysteries floor? How much longer would Sirius be able to resist Voldemort? All Harry knew for sure was that his godfather had neither done as Voldemort wanted, nor died, for he was convinced that either outcome would have caused him to feel Voldemort's jubilation or fury course through his own body, making his scar sear as painfully as it had on the night Mr Weasley was attacked.  On they flew through the gathering darkness	 Harry's face felt stiff and cold, his legs numb from gripping the Thestral's sides so tightly, but he did not dare shift his position lest he slip . . . he was deaf from the thundering rush of air in his ears, and his mouth was dry and frozen from the cold night wind. He had lost all sense of how far they had come	 all his faith was in the beast beneath him, still streaking purposefully through the night, barely flapping its wings as it sped ever onwards.  If they were too late . . .  He's still alive, he's still fighting, I can feel it . . .  If Voldemort decided Sirius was not going to crack . . .  I'd know . . .  Harry's stomach gave a jolt	 the Thestral's head was suddenly pointing towards the ground and he actually slid forwards a few inches along its neck. They were descending at last . . . he thought he heard a shriek behind him and twisted around dangerously, but could see no sign of a falling body . . . presumably they had all received a shock from the change of direction, just as he had.  And now bright orange lights were growing larger and rounder on all sides	 they could see the tops of buildings, streams of headlights like luminous insect eyes, squares of pale yellow that were windows. Quite suddenly, it seemed, they were hurtling towards the pavement	 Harry gripped the Thestral with every last ounce of his strength, braced for a sudden impact, but the horse touched the dark ground as lightly as a shadow and Harry slid from its back, looking around at the street where the overflowing skip still stood a short way from the vandalised telephone box, both drained of colour in the flat orange glare of the streetlights.  Ron landed a short way off and toppled immediately from his Thestral on to the pavement.  'Never again,' he said, struggling to his feet. He made as though to stride away from his Thestral, but, unable to see it, collided with its hindquarters and almost tell over again. Never, ever again . . . that was the worst - '  Hermione and Ginny touched down on either side of him: both slid off their mounts a little more gracefully than Ron, though with similar expressions of relief at being back on firm ground	 Neville jumped down, shaking	 and Luna dismounted smoothly.  'Where do we go from here, then?' she asked Harry in a politely interested voice, as though this was all a rather interesting day-trip.  'Over here,' he said. He gave his Thestral a quick, grateful pat, then led the way quickly to the battered telephone box and opened the door. 'Come on!' he urged the others, as they hesitated.  Ron and Ginny marched in obediently	 Hermione, Neville and Luna squashed themselves in after them
Order of the Phoenix=Beyond the VeilBlack shapes were emerging out of thin air all around them, blocking their way left and right	 eyes glinted through slits in hoods, a dozen lit wand tips were pointing directly at their hearts	 Ginny gave a gasp of horror.  'To me, Potter,' repeated the drawling voice of Lucius Malfoy as he held out his hand, palm up.  Harry's insides plummeted sickeningly. They were trapped, and outnumbered two to one.  'To me,' said Malfoy yet again.  'Where's Sirius?' Harry said.  Several of the Death Eaters laughed	 a harsh female voice from the midst of the shadowy figures to Harry's left said triumphantly, The Dark Lord always knows!'  'Always,' echoed Malfoy softly. 'Now, give me the prophecy, Potter.'  'I want to know where Sirius is!'  'I want to know where Sirius is!' mimicked the woman to his left.  She and her fellow Death Eaters had closed in so that they were mere feet away from Harry and the others, the light from their wands dazzling Harry's eyes.  'You've got him,' said Harry, ignoring the rising panic in his chest, the dread he had been fighting since they had first entered the ninety-seventh row. 'He's here. I know he is.'  'The little baby woke up fwightened and fort what it dweamed was twoo,' said the woman in a horrible, mock baby voice. Harry felt Ron stir beside him.  'Don't do anything,' Harry muttered. 'Not yet - '  The woman who had mimicked him let out a raucous scream of laughter.  'You hear him? You hear him? Giving instructions to the other children as though he thinks of fighting us!'  'Oh, you don't know Potter as I do, Bellatrix,' said Malfoy softly. 'He has a great weakness for heroics	 the Dark Lord understands this about him. Now give me the prophecy, Potter.'  'I know Sirius is here,' said Harry, though panic was causing his chest to constrict and he felt as though he could not breathe properly. 'I know you've got him!'  More of the Death Eaters laughed, though the woman laughed loudest of all.  'It's time you learned the difference between life and dreams, Potter,' said Malfoy. 'Now give me the prophecy, or we start using wands.'  'Go on, then,' said Harry, raising his own wand to chest height. As he did so, the five wands of Ron, Hermione, Neville, Ginny and Luna rose on either side of him. The knot in Harry's stomach tightened. If Sirius really was not here, he had led his friends to their deaths for no reason at all . . .  But the Death Eaters did not strike.  'Hand over the prophecy and no one need get hurt,' said Malfoy coolly.  It was Harry's turn to laugh.  'Yeah, right!' he said. 'I give you this - prophecy, is it? And you'll just let us skip off home, will you?'  The words were hardly out of his mouth when the female Death Eater shrieked: 'Accio proph-  Harry was just ready for her: he shouted 'Protego' before she had finished her spell, and though the glass sphere slipped to the tips of his fingers he managed to cling on to it.  'Oh, he knows how to play, little bitty baby Potter,' she said, her mad eyes staring through the slits in her hood. 'Very well, then - '  'I TOLD YOU, NO!' Lucius Malfoy roared at the woman. 'If you smash it - !'  Harry's mind was racing. The Death Eaters wanted this dusty spun-glass sphere. He had no interest in it. He just wanted to get them all out of this alive, to make sure none of his friends paid a terrible price for his stupidity . . .  The woman stepped forward, away from her fellows, and pulled off her hood. Azkaban had hollowed Bellatrix Lestrange's face, making it gaunt and skull-like, but it was alive with a feverish, fanatical glow.  'You need more persuasion?' she said, her chest rising and falling rapidly. 'Very well - take the smallest one,' she ordered the Death Eaters beside her. 'Let him watch while we torture the little girl. I'll do it.'  Harry felt the others close in around Ginny	 he stepped sideways so that he was right in front of her, the prophecy held up to his chest.  'You'll have to smash this if you want to attack any of us,' he told Bellatrix. 'I don't think your boss will be too pleased if you come back without it, will he?'  She did not move	 she merely stared at him, the tip of her tongue moistening her thin mouth.  'So,' said Harry, 'what kind of prophecy are we talking about, anyway?'  He could not think what to do but to keep talking. Neville's arm was pressed against his, and he could feel him shaking	 he could feel one of the others' quickened breath on the back of his head. He was hoping they were all thinking hard about ways to get out of this, because his mind was blank.  'What kind of prophecy?' repeated Bellatrix, the grin fading from her face. 'You jest, Harry Potter.'  'Nope, not jesting,' said Harry, his eyes flicking from Death Eater to Death Eater, looking for a weak link, a space through which they could escape. 'How come Voldemort wants it?  Several of the Death Eaters let out low hisses.  'You dare speak his name?' whispered Bellatrix.  'Yeah,' said Harry, maintaining his tight grip on the glass ball, expecting another attempt to bewitch it from him. 'Yeah, I've got no problem with saying Vol-  'Shut your mouth!' Bellatrix shrieked. 'You dare speak his name with your unworthy lips, you dare besmirch it with your half-blood's tongue, you dare - '  'Did you know he's a half-blood too?' said Harry recklessly. Hermione gave a little moan in his ear. 'Voldemort? Yeah, his mother was a witch but his dad was a Muggle - or has he been telling you lot he's pure-blood?'  'STUPEF-'  'NO!'  A jet of red light had shot from the end of Bellatrix Lestrange's wand, but Malfoy had deflected it	 his spell caused hers to hit the shelf a foot to the left of Harry and several of the glass orbs there shattered.  Two figures, pearly-white as ghosts, fluid as smoke, unfurled themselves from the fragments of broken glass upon the floor and each began to speak	 their voices vied with each other, so that only fragments of what they were saying could be heard over Malfoy and Bellatrix's shouts.  '. . . at the solstice will come a new . . .' said the figure of an old, bearded man.  'DO NOT ATTACK! WE NEED THE PROPHECY!'  'He dared - he dares - ' shrieked Bellatrix incoherently, 'he stands there - filthy half-blood - '  'WAIT UN'I'LL WE'VE GOT THE PROPHECY!' bawled Malfoy.  '. . . and none will come after . . .' said the figure of a young woman.  The two figures that had burst from the shattered spheres had melted into thin air. Nothing remained of them or their erstwhile homes but fragments of glass upon the floor. They had, however, given Harry an idea. The problem was going to be conveying it to the others.  'You haven't told me what's so special about this prophecy I'm supposed to be handing over,' he said, playing for time. He moved his foot slowly sideways, feeling around for someone else's.  'Do not play games with us, Potter,' said Malfoy.  'I'm not playing games,' said Harry, half his mind on the conversation, half on his wandering foot. And then he found someone's toes and pressed down upon them. A sharp intake of breath behind him told him they were Hermione's.  'What?' she whispered.  'Dumbledore never told you the reason you bear that scar was hidden in the bowels of the Department of Mysteries?' Malfoy sneered.  'I - what?' said Harry. And for a moment he quite forgot his plan. 'What about my scar?'  'What?' whispered Hermione more urgently behind him.  'Can this be?' said Malfoy, sounding maliciously delighted	 some of the Death Eaters were laughing again, and under cover of their laughter, Harry hissed to Hermione, moving his lips as little as possible, 'Smash shelves - '  'Dumbledore never told you?' Malfoy repeated. 'Well, this explains why you didn't come earlier, Potter, the Dark Lord wondered why - '  ' - when I say now - '  ' - you didn't come running when he showed you the place where it was hidden in your dreams. He thought natural curiosity would make you want to hear the exact wording . . .'  'Did he?' said Harry. Behind him he felt rather than heard Hermione passing his message to the others and he sought to keep talking, to distract the Death Eaters. 'So he wanted me to come and get it, did he? Why?'  'Why?' Malfoy sounded incredulously delighted. 'Because the only people who are permitted to retrieve a prophecy from the Department of Mysteries, Potter, are those about whom it was made, as the Dark Lord discovered when he attempted to use others .o steal it for him.'  'And why did he want to steal a prophecy about me?'  'About both of you, Potter, about both of you . . . haven't you ever wondered why the Dark Lord tried to kill you as a baby?'  Harry stared into the slitted eye-holes through which Malfoy's grey eyes were gleaming. Was this prophecy the reason Harry's parents had died, the reason he carried his lightning-bolt scar? Was the answer to all of this clutched in his hand?  'Someone made a prophecy about Voldemort and me?' he said quietly, gazing at Lucius Malfoy, his fingers tightening over the warm glass sphere in his hand. It was hardly larger than a Snitch and still gritty with dust. 'And he's made me come and get it for him? Why couldn't he come and get it himself?'  'Get it himself?' shrieked Bellatrix, over a cackle of mad laughter.  The Dark Lord, walk into the Ministry of Magic, when they are so sweetly ignoring his return? The Dark Lord, reveal himself to the Aurors, when at the moment they are wasting their time on my dear cousin?'  'So, he's got you doing his dirty work for him, has he?' said Harry. 'Like he tried to get Sturgis to steal it - and Bode?'  'Very good, Potter, very good . . .' said Malfoy slowly. 'But the Dark Lord knows you are not unintell-  'NOW!' yelled Harry.  Five different voices behind him bellowed, 'REDUCTO!' Five curses flew in five different directions and the shelves opposite them exploded as they hit	 the towering structure swayed as a hundred glass spheres burst apart, pearly-white figures unfurled into the air and floated there, their voices echoing from who knew what long-dead past amid the torrent of crashing glass and splintered wood now raining down upon the floor - '  'RUN!' Harry yelled, as the shelves swayed precariously and more glass spheres began to fall from above. He seized a handful of Hermione's robes and dragged her forwards, holding one arm over his head as chunks of shelf and shards of glass thundered down upon them. A Death Eater lunged forwards through the cloud of dust and Harry elbowed him hard in the masked face	 they were all yelling, there were cries of pain, and thunderous crashes as the shelves collapsed upon themselves, weirdly echoing fragments of the Seers unleashed from their spheres - '  Harry found the way ahead clear and saw Ron, Ginny and Luna sprint past him, their arms over their heads	 something heavy struck him on the side of the face but he merely ducked his head and sprinted onwards
Order of the Phoenix=The Only OneHe Ever Feared'He hasn't gone!' Harry yelled.  He did not believe it	 he would not believe it	 still he fought Lupin with every bit of strength he had. Lupin did not understand	 people hid behind that curtain	 Harry had heard them whispering the first time he had entered the room. Sirius was hiding, simply lurking out of sight - '  'SIRIUS!' he bellowed. 'SIRIUS!'  'He can't come back, Harry,' said Lupin, his voice breaking as he struggled to contain Harry. 'He can't come back, because he's d-  'HE - IS - NOT - DEAD!' roared Harry. 'SIRIUS!'  There was movement going on around them, pointless bustling, the flashes of more spells. To Harry it was meaningless noise, the deflected curses flying past them did not matter, nothing mattered except that Lupin should stop pretending that Sirius - who was standing feet from them behind that old curtain - was not going to emerge at any moment, shaking back his dark hair and eager to re-enter the battle.  Lupin dragged Harry away from the dais. Harry still staring at the archway, was angry at Sirius now for keeping him waiting - '  But some part of him realised, even as he fought to break free from Lupin, that Sirius had never kept him waiting before . . . Sirius had risked everything, always, to see Harry to help him . . . if Sirius was not reappearing out of that archway when Harry was yelling for him as though his life depended on it, the only possible explanation was that he could not come back . . . that he really was - '  Dumbledore had most of the remaining Death haters grouped in the middle of the room, seemingly immobilised by invisible ropes	 Mad-Eye Moody had crawled across the room to where Tonks lay, and was attempting to revive her	 behind the dais there were still flashes of light, grunts and cries - Kingsley had run forward to continue Sirius's duel with Bellatrix.  'Harry?'  Neville had slid down the stone benches one by one to the place where Harry stood. Harry was no longer struggling against Lupin, who maintained a precautionary grip on his arm nevertheless.  'Harry . . . I'b really sorry . . .' said Neville. His legs were still dancing uncontrollably. 'Was dad man - was Sirius Black a - a friend of yours?'  Harry nodded.  'Here,' said Lupin quietly, and pointing his wand at Neville's legs he said, 'Finite.' The spell was lifted: Neville's legs fell back to the floor and remained still. Lupin's face was pale. 'Let's - let's find the others. Where are they all, Neville?'  Lupin turned away from the archway as he spoke. It sounded as though every word was causing him pain.  'Dey're all back dere,' said Neville. 'A brain addacked Ron bud I dink he's all righd - and Herbione's unconscious, bud we cou'.d feel a bulse - '  There was a loud bang and a yell from behind the dais. Harry saw Kingsley hit the ground yelling in pain: Bellatrix Lestrange turned tail and ran as Dumbledore whipped around. He aimed a spell at her but she deflected it	 she was halfway up the steps now - '  'Harry - no!' cried Lupin, but Harry had already ripped his arm from Lupin's slackened grip.  'SHE KILLED SIRIUS!' bellowed Harry. 'SHE KILLED HIM - 'I'LL KILL HER!'  And he was off, scrambling up the stone benches	 people were shouting behind him but he did not care. The hem of Bellatrix's robes whipped out of sight ahead and they were back in the room where the brains were swimming . . .  She aimed a curse over her shoulder. The tank rose into the air and tipped. Harry was deluged in the foul-smelling potion within: the brains slipped and slid over him and began spinning their long coloured tentacles, but he shouted, Wingardium Leviosa!' and they flew off him up into the air. Slipping and sliding, he ran on towards the door	 he leapt over Luna, who was groaning on the floor, past Ginny, who said, 'Harry - what - ?', past Ron, who giggled feebly, and Hermione, who was still unconscious. He wrenched open the door into the circular black hall and saw Bellatrix disappearing through a door on the other side of the room	 beyond her was the corridor leading back to the lifts.  He ran, but she had slammed the door behind her and the walls were already rotating. Once more, he was surrounded by streaks of blue light from the whirling candelabra.  'Where's the exit?' he shouted desperately, as the wall rumbled to a halt again. 'Where's the way out?'  The room seemed to have been waiting for him to ask. The door right behind him flew open and the corridor towards the lifts stretched ahead of him, torch-lit and empty. He ran . . .  He could hear a lift clattering ahead	 he sprinted up the passageway, swung around the corner and slammed his fist on to the button to call a second lift. It jangled and banged lower and lower	 the grilles slid open and Harry dashed inside, now hammering the button marked 'Atrium'. The doors slid shut and he was rising . . .  He forced his way out of the lift before the grilles were fully open and looked around. Bellatrix was almost at the telephone lift at the other end of the hall, but she looked back as he sprinted towards her and aimed another spell at him. He dodged behind the Fountain of Magical Brethren: the spell zoomed past him and hit the wrought-gold gates at the other end of the Atrium so that they rang like bells. There were no more footsteps. She had stopped running. He crouched behind the statues, listening.  'Come out, come out, little Harry!' she called in her mock baby voice, which echoed off the polished wooden floors. 'What did you come after me for, then? I thought you were here to avenge my dear cousin!'  'I am!' shouted Harry, and a score of ghostly Harry's seemed to chorus I am! I am! I am! all around the room.  'Aaaaaah . . . did you love him, little baby Potter?  Hatred rose in Harry such as he had never known before	 he flung himself out from behind the fountain and bellowed, 'Crucio!'  Bellatrix screamed: the spell had knocked her off her feet, but she did not writhe and shriek with pain as Neville had - she was already back on her feet, breathless, no longer laughing. Harry dodged behind the golden fountain again. Her counter-spell hit the head of the handsome wizard, which was blown off and landed twenty feet away, gouging long scratches into the wooden floor.  'Never used an Unforgivable Curse before, have you, boy?' she yelled. She had abandoned her baby voice now. 'You need to mean them, Potter! You need to really want to cause pain - to enjoy it - righteous anger won't hurt me for long - I'll show you how it is done, shall I? I'll give you a lesson - '  Harry was edging around the fountain on the other side when she screamed, 'Crucio!' and he was forced to duck down again as the centaur's arm, holding its bow, span off and landed with a crash on the floor a short distance from the golden wizard's head.  'Potter, you cannot win against me!' she cried.  He could hear her moving to the right, trying to get a clear shot of him. He backed around the statue away from her, crouching behind the centaur's legs, his head level with the house-elf's.  'I was and am the Dark Lord's most loyal servant. I learned the Dark Arts from him, and I know spells of such power that you, pathetic little boy, can never hope to compete - '  'Stupefy!' yelled Harry. He had edged right around to where the goblin stood beaming up at the now headless wizard and taken aim at her back as she peered around the fountain. She reacted so fast he barely had time to duck.  'Protege!'  The jet of red light, his own Stunning Spell, bounced back at him. Harry scrambled back behind the fountain and one of the goblin's ears went flying across the room.  'Potter, I'm going to give you one chance!' shouted Bellatrix. 'Give me the prophecy - roll it out towards me now - and I may spare your life!'  'Well, you're going to have to kill me, because it's gone!' Harry roared and, as he shouted it, pain seared across his forehead
Order of the Phoenix=The Lost ProphecyHarry's feet hit solid ground	 his knees buckled a little and the golden wizard's head fell with a resounding clunk to the floor. He looked around and saw that he had arrived in Dumbledore's office.  Everything seemed to have repaired itself during the Headmasters absence. The delicate silver instruments stood once more on the spindle-legged tables, puffing and whirring serenely. The portraits of the headmasters and headmistresses were snoozing in their frames, heads lolling back in armchairs or against the edge of the	 picture. Harry looked through the window. There was a cool line of pale green along the horizon: dawn was approaching.  The silence and the stillness, broken only by the occasional grunt or snuffle of a sleeping portrait, was unbearable to him. If his surroundings could have reflected the feelings inside him, the pictures would have been screaming in pain. He walked around the quiet, beautiful office, breathing quickly, trying not to think. But he had to think . . . there was no escape . . .  It was his fault Sirius had died	 it was all his fault. If he, Harry, had not been stupid enough to fall for Voldemort's trick, if he had not been so convinced that what he had seen in his dream was real, if he had only opened his mind to the possibility that Voldemort was, as Hermione had said, banking on Harry's love of playing the hero . . .  It was unbearable, he would not think about it, he could not stand it . . . there was a terrible hollow inside him he did not want to feel or examine, a dark hole where Sirius had been, where Sirius had vanished	 he did not want to have to be alone with that great, silent space, he could not stand it - '  A picture behind him gave a particularly loud grunting snore, and a cool voice said, 'Ah . . . Harry Potter . . .'  Phineas Nigellus gave a long yawn, stretching his arms as he surveyed Harry out of shrewd, narrow eyes.  'And what brings you here in the early hours of the morning?' said Phineas eventually. This office is supposed to be barred to all but the rightful Headmaster. Or has Dumbledore sent you here? Oh, don't tell me . . .' He gave another shuddering yawn. 'Another message for my worthless great-great-grandson?'  Harry could not speak. Phineas Nigellus did not know that Sirius was dead, but Harry could not tell him. To say it aloud would be to make it final, absolute, irretrievable.  A few more of the portraits had stirred now. Terror of being interrogated made Harry stride across the room and seize the doorknob.  It would not turn. He was shut in.  'I hope this means,' said the corpulent, red-nosed wizard who hung on the wall behind the Headmasters desk, 'that Dumbledore will soon be back among us?'  Harry turned. The wizard was surveying him with great interest. Harry nodded. He tugged again on the doorknob behind his back, but it remained immovable.  'Oh good,' said the wizard. 'It has been very dull without him, very dull indeed.'  He settled himself on the throne-like chair on which he had been painted and smiled benignly upon Harry.  'Dumbledore thinks very highly of you, as I am sure you know,' he said comfortably. 'Oh yes. Holds you in great esteem.'  The guilt filling the whole of Harry's chest like some monstrous, weighty parasite, now writhed and squirmed. Harry could not stand this, he could not stand being himself any more . . . he had never felt more trapped inside his own head and body, never wished so intensely that he could be somebody, anybody else . . .  The empty fireplace burst into emerald green flame, making Harry leap away from the door, staring at the man spinning inside the grate. As Dumbledore's tall form unfolded itself from the fire, the wizards and witches on the surrounding walls jerked awake, many of them giving cries of welcome.  Thank you,' said Dumbledore softly.  He did not look at Harry at first, but walked over to the perch beside the door and withdrew, from an inside pocket of his robes, the tiny, ugly, featherless Fawkes, whom he placed gently on the tray of soft ashes beneath the golden post where the full-grown Fawkes usually stood.  'Well, Harry,' said Dumbledore, finally turning away from the baby bird, 'you will be pleased to hear that none of your fellow students are going to suffer lasting damage from the night's events.'  Harry tried to say, 'Good,' but no sound came out. It seemed to him that Dumbledore was reminding him of the amount of damage he had caused, and although Dumbledore was for once looking at him directly, and although his expression was kindly rather than accusatory, Harry could not bear to meet his eyes.  'Madam Pomfrey is patching everybody up,' said Dumbledore 'Nymphadora Tonks may need to spend a little time in St Mungos, but it seems she will make a full recovery.'  Harry contented himself with nodding at the carpet, which was growing lighter as the sky outside grew paler. He was sure all the: portraits around the room were listening closely to every wore! Dumbledore spoke, wondering where Dumbledore and Harry had been, and why there had been injuries.  'I know how you're feeling, Harry,' said Dumbledore very quietly.  'No, you don't,' said Harry, and his voice was suddenly loud and strong	 white-hot anger leapt inside him	 Dumbledore knew nothing about his feelings.  'You see, Dumbledore?' said Phineas Nigellus slyly. 'Never try to understand the students. They hate it. They would much rather be tragically misunderstood, wallow in self-pity, stew in their own - '  That's enough, Phineas,' said Dumbledore.  Harry turned his back on Dumbledore and stared determinedly out of the window. He could see the Quidditch stadium in the distance. Sirius had appeared there once, disguised as the shaggy black dog, so he could watch Harry play . . . he had probably come to see whether Harry was as good as James had been . . . Harry had never asked him . . .  There is no shame  in what you are  feeling, Harry,' said Dumbledore's voice. 'On the contrary . . . the fact that you can feel pain like this is your greatest strength.'  Harry felt the white-hot anger lick his insides, blazing in the terrible emptiness, filling him with the desire to hurt Dumbledore for his calmness and his empty words.  'My greatest strength, is it?' said Harry, his voice shaking as he stared out at the Quidditch stadium, no longer seeing it. 'You haven't got a clue . . . you don't know . . .  'What don't I know?' asked Dumbledore calmly.  It was too much. Harry turned around, shaking with rage.  'I don't want to talk about how I feel, all right?'  'Harry, suffering like this proves you are still a man! This pain is part of being human - '  'THEN - I - DON'T - WANT - TO - BE - HUMAN!' Harry roared, and he seized the delicate silver instrument from the spindle-legged table beside him and flung it across the room	 it shattered into a hundred tiny pieces against the wall. Several of the pictures let out yells of anger and fright, and the portrait of Armando Dippet said, 'Really!'  'I DON'T CARE!' Harry yelled at them, snatching up a lunascope and throwing it into the fireplace. 'I'VE HAD ENOUGH, I'VE SEEN ENOUGH, I WANT OUT, I WANT IT TO END, I DON'T CARE ANY MORE - '  He seized the table on which the silver instrument had stood and threw that, too. It broke apart on the floor and the legs rolled in different directions.  'You do care,' said Dumbledore. He had not flinched or made a single move to stop Harry demolishing his office. His expression was calm, almost detached. 'You care so much you feel as though you will bleed to death with the pain of it.'  'I - DON'T!' Harry screamed, so loudly that he felt his throat might tear, and for a second he wanted to rush at Dumbledore and break him, too	 shatter that calm old face, shake him, hurt him, make him feel some tiny part of the horror inside himself.  'Oh, yes, you do,' said Dumbledore, still more calmly. 'You have now lost your mother, your father, and the closest thing to a parent you have ever known. Of course you care.'  'YOU DON'T KNOW HOW I FEEL!' Harry roared. 'YOU - STANDING THERE - YOU - '  But words were no longer enough, smashing things was no more help	 he wanted to run, he wanted to keep running and never look back, he wanted to be somewhere he could not see the clear blue eyes staring at him, that hatefully calm old face. He turned on his heel and ran to the door, seized the doorknob again and wrenched at it.  But the door would not open.  Harry turned back to Dumbledore.  'Let me out,' he said. He was shaking from head to foot.  'No,' said Dumbledore simply.  For a few seconds they stared at each other.  'Let me out,' Harry said again.  'No,' Dumbledore repeated.  'If you don't - if you keep me in here - if you don't let me - '  'By all means continue destroying my possessions,' said Dumbledore serenely. 'I daresay I have too many.'  He walked around his desk and sat down behind it, watching Harry.  'Let me out,' Harry said yet again, in a voice that was cold and almost as calm as Dumbledore's.  'Not until I have had my say,' said Dumbledore.  'Do you - do you think I want to - do you think I give a - I DON'T CARE WHAT YOU'VE GOT TO SAY!' Harry roared. 'I don't want to hear anything you've got to say!'  'You will,' said Dumbledore steadily. 'Because you are not nearly as angry with me as you ought to be. If you are to attack me, as I know you are close to doing, I would like to have thoroughly earned it.'  'What are you talking - ?'  'It is my fault that Sirius died,' said Dumbledore clearly. 'Or should I say, almost entirely my fault - I will not be so arrogant as to claim responsibility for the whole. Sirius was a brave, clever and energetic man, and such men are not usually content to sit at home in hiding while they believe others to be in danger. Nevertheless, you should never have believed for an instant that there was any necessity for you to go to the Department of Mysteries tonight. If I had been open with you, Harry, as I should have been, you would have known a long time ago that Voldemort might try and lure you to the Department of Mysteries, and you would never have been tricked into going there tonight. And Sirius would not have had to come after you. That blame lies with me, and with me alone.'  Harry was still standing with his hand on the doorknob but was unaware of it. He was gazing at Dumbledore, hardly breathing, listening yet barely understanding what he was hearing.  'Please sit down,' said Dumbledore. It was not an order, it was a request.  Harry hesitated, then walked slowly across the room now littered with silver cogs and fragments of wood, and took the seat facing Dumbledore's desk.  'Am I to understand,' said Phineas Nigellus slowly from Harry's left, 'that my great-great-grandson - the last of the Blacks - is dead?'  'Yes, Phineas,' said Dumbledore.  'I don't believe it,' said Phineas brusquely.  Harry turned his head in time to see Phineas marching out of his portrait and knew that he had gone to visit his other painting in Grimmauld Place. He would walk, perhaps, from portrait to portrait, calling for Sirius through the house . . .  'Harry, I owe you an explanation,' said Dumbledore. 'An explanation of an old man's mistakes. For I see now that what I have done, and not done, with regard to you, bears all the hallmarks of the failings of age. Youth cannot know how age thinks and feels. But old men are guilty if they forget what it was to be young . . . and I seem to have forgotten, lately . . .'  The sun was rising properly now	 there was a rim of dazzling orange visible over the mountains and the sky above it was colourless and bright. The light fell upon Dumbledore, upon the silver of his eyebrows and beard, upon the lines gouged deeply into his lace.  'I guessed, fifteen years ago,' said Dumbledore, 'when I saw the scar on your forehead, what it might mean. I guessed that it might be the sign of a connection forged between you and Voldemort.'  'You've told me this before, Professor,' said Harry bluntly. He did not care about being rude. He did not care about anything very much any more.  'Yes,' said Dumbledore apologetically. 'Yes, but you see - it is necessary to start with your scar. For it became apparent, shortly after you rejoined the magical world, that I was correct, and that your scar was giving you warnings when Voldemort was close to you, or else feeling powerful emotion.'  'I know,' said Harry wearily.  'And this ability of yours - to detect Voldemort's presence, even when he is disguised, and to know what he is feeling when his emotions are roused - has become more and more pronounced since Voldemort returned to his own body and his full powers.'  Harry did not bother to nod. He knew all of this already.  'More recently,' said Dumbledore, 'I became concerned that Voldemort might realise that this connection between you exists. Sure enough, there came a time when you entered so far into his mind and thoughts that he sensed your presence. I am speaking, of course, of the night when you witnessed the attack on Mr Weasley'  'Yeah, Snape told me,' Harry muttered.  'Professor Snape, Harry' Dumbledore corrected him quietly. 'But did you not wonder why it was not I who explained this to you? Why I did not teach you Occlumency? Why I had not so much as looked at you for months?'  Harry looked up. He could see now that Dumbledore looked sad and tired.  'Yeah,' Harry mumbled. 'Yeah, I wondered.'  'You see,' Dumbledore continued, 'I believed it could not be long before Voldemort attempted to force his way into your mind, to manipulate and misdirect your thoughts, and I was not eager to give him more incentives to do so. I was sure that if he realised that our relationship was - or had ever been - closer than that of headmaster and pupil, he would seize his chance to use you as a means to spy on me. I feared the uses to which he would put you, the possibility that he might try and possess you. Harry, I believe I was right to think that Voldemort would have made use of you in such a way. On those rare occasions when we had close contact, I thought I saw a shadow of him stir behind your eyes . . .'  Harry remembered the feeling that a dormant snake had risen in him, ready to strike, in those moments when he and Dumbledore had made eye-contact.  'Voldemort's aim in possessing you, as he demonstrated tonight, would not have been my destruction. It would have been yours. He hoped, when he possessed you briefly a short while ago, that I would sacrifice you in the hope of killing him. So you see, I have been trying, in distancing myself from you, to protect you, Harry. An old man s mistake . . .  He sighed deeply. Harry was letting the words wash over him. He would have been so interested to know all this a few months ago, but now it was meaningless compared to the gaping chasm inside him that was the loss of Sirius	 none of it mattered . . .  'Sirius told me you felt Voldemort awake inside you the very night that you had the vision of Arthur Weasley's attack. I knew at once that my worst fears were correct: Voldemort had realised he could use you. In an attempt to arm you against Voldemort s assaults on your mind, I arranged Occlumency lessons with Professor Snape.'  He paused. Harry watched the sunlight, which was sliding slowly across the polished surface of Dumbledore's desk, illuminate a silver ink pot and a handsome scarlet quill. Harry could tell that the portraits all around them were awake and listening raptly to Dumbledore's explanation	 he could hear the occasional rustle of robes, the slight clearing of a throat. Phineas Nigellus had still not returned . . .  'Professor Snape discovered,' Dumbledore resumed, 'that you had been dreaming about the door to the Department of Mysteries for months. Voldemort, of course, had been obsessed with the possibility of hearing the prophecy ever since he regained his body	 and as he dwelled on the door, so did you, though you did not <now what it meant.  'And then you saw Rookwood, who worked in the Department of Mysteries before his arrest, telling Voldemort what we had known all along - that the prophecies held in the Ministry of Magic are  heavily protected. Only the people to whom they refer can lilt them from the shelves without suffering madness: in this case, either Voldemort himself would have to enter the Ministry of Magic, and risk revealing himself at last - or else you would have to take it for him. It became a matter of even greater urgency that you should master Occlumency.'  'But I didn't,' muttered Harry. He said it aloud to try and ease the dead weight of guilt inside him: a confession must surely relieve some of the terrible pressure squeezing his heart. 'I didn't practise, I didn't bother, I could've stopped myself having those dreams, Hermione kept telling me to do it, if I had he'd never have been able to show me where to go, and - Sirius wouldn't - 'Sirius wouldn't - '  Something was erupting inside Harry's head: a need to justify himself, to explain - '  'I tried to check he'd really taken Sirius, I went to Umbridge's office, I spoke to Kreacher in the fire and he said Sirius wasn't there, he said he'd gone!'  'Kreacher lied,' said Dumbledore calmly. 'You are not his master, he could lie to you without even needing to punish himself. Kreacher intended you to go to the Ministry of Magic.'  'He - he sent me on purpose?'  'Oh yes. Kreacher, I am afraid, has been serving more than one master for months.'  'How?' said Harry blankly. 'He hasn't been out of Grimmauld Place for years.'  'Kreacher seized his opportunity shortly before Christmas,' said Dumbledore, 'when Sirius, apparently, shouted at him to get out. He took Sirius at his word, and interpreted this as an order to leave the house. He went to the only Black family member for whom he had any respect left . . . Black's cousin Narcissa, sister of Bellatrix and wife of Lucius Malfoy.'  'How do you know all this?' Harry said. His heart was beating very fast. He felt sick. He remembered worrying about Kreacher's odd absence over Christmas, remembered him turning up again in the attic . . .  'Kreacher told me last night,' said Dumbledore. 'You see, when  you gave Professor Snape that cryptic warning, he realised that you had had a vision of Sirius trapped in the bowels of the Department of Mysteries. He, like you, attempted to contact Sirius at once. I should explain that members of the Order of the Phoenix have more reliable methods of communicating than the fire in Dolores Umbridge's office. Professor Snape found that Sirius was alive and safe in Grimmauld Place.  'When, however, you did not return from your trip into the Forest with Dolores Umbridge, Professor Snape grew worried that you still believed Sirius to be a captive of Lord Voldemort's. He alerted certain Order members at once.'  Dumbledore heaved a great sigh and continued, 'Alastor Moody, Nymphadora Tonks, Kingsley Shacklebolt and Remus Lupin were at Headquarters when he made contact. All agreed to go to your aid at once. Professor Snape requested that Sirius remain behind, as he needed somebody to remain at Headquarters to tell me what had happened, for I was due there at any moment. In the meantime he, Professor Snape, intended to search the Forest for you.  'But Sirius did not wish to remain behind while the others went to search for you. He delegated to Kreacher the task of telling me what had happened. And so it was that when I arrived in Grimmauld Place shortly after they had all left for the Ministry, it was the elf who told me - laughing fit to burst - where Sirius had gone.'  'He was laughing?' said Harry in a hollow voice.  'Oh, yes,' said Dumbledore. 'You see, Kreacher was not able to betray us totally. He is not Secret Keeper for the Order, he could not give the Malfoy's our whereabouts, or tell them any of the Order's confidential plans that he had been forbidden to reveal. He was bound by the enchantments of his kind, which is to say that he could not disobey a direct order from his master, Sirius. But he gave Narcissa information of the sort that is very valuable lo Voldemort, yet must have seemed much too trivial for Sirius to think of banning him from repeating it.'  'Like what?' said Harry.  'Like the fact that the person Sirius cared most about in the world was you,' said Dumbledore quietly. 'Like the fact that you were coming to regard Sirius as a mixture of father and brother.  Voldemort knew already, of course, that Sirius was in the Order, and that you knew where he was - but Kreacher's information made him realise that the one person for whom you would go to any lengths to rescue was Sirius Black.'  Harry's lips were cold and numb.  'So . . . when I asked Kreacher if Sirius was there last night . . .'  The Malfoy's - undoubtedly on Voldemort's instructions - had told him he must find a way of keeping Sirius out of the way once you had seen the vision of Sirius being tortured. Then, if you decided to check whether Sirius was at home or not, Kreacher would be able to pretend he was not. Kreacher injured Buckbeak the Hippogriff yesterday, and, at the moment when you made your appearance in the fire, Sirius was upstairs tending to him.'  There seemed to be very little air in Harry's lungs
Order of the Phoenix=The Second War BeginsHE WHO MUST NOT BE NAMED RETURNS'In a brief statement on Friday night, Minister for Magic Cornelius Fudge confirmed that He Who Must Not Be Named has returned to this country and is once more active.  ' It is with great regret that I must confirm that the wizard styling himself Lord - well, you know who I mean - is alive and among us again, said Fudge, looking tired and flustered as he addressed reporters. It is with almost equal regret that we report the mass revolt of the Dementors of Azkaban, who have shown themselves averse to continuing in the Ministry's employ. We believe the Dementors are currently taking direction from Lord - Thingy.  ' We urge the magician population to remain vigilant. The Ministry is currently publishing guides to elementary home and personal defence which will be delivered free to all wizarding homes within the coming month.  'The Minister's statement was met with dismay and alarm from the wizarding community, which as recently as last Wednesday was receiving Ministry assurances that there was no truth whatsoever in these persistent rumours that You-Know-Who is operating amongst us once more.  'Details of the events that led to the Ministry turnaround are still hazy, though it is believed that He Who Must Not Be Named and a select band of followers (known as Death Eaters) gained entry to the Ministry of Magic itself on Thursday evening.  'Albus Dumbledore, newly reinstated Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, reinstated member of the International Confederation of Wizards and reinstated Chief  Warlock of the Wizengamot, has so far been unavailable for comment. He has insisted over the past year that You-Know-Who is not dead, as was widely hoped and believed, but is recruiting followers once more for afresh attempt to seize power. Meanwhile, the Boy Who Lived - 'There you are, Harry, I knew they'd drag you into it somehow,' said Hermione, looking over the top of the paper at him.  They were in the hospital wing. Harry was sitting on the end of Ron's bed and they were both listening to Hermione read the front page of the Sunday Prophet. Ginny, whose ankle had been mended in a trice by Madam Pomfrey, was curled up at the foot of Hermione's bed	 Neville, whose nose had likewise been returned to its normal size and shape, was in a chair between the two beds	 and Luna, who had dropped in to visit, clutching the latest edition of The Quibbler, was reading the magazine upside-down and apparently not taking in a word Hermione was saying.  'He's the boy who lived again now, though, isn't he?' said Ron darkly. 'Not such a deluded show-off any more, eh?'  He helped himself to a handful of Chocolate Frogs from the immense pile on his bedside cabinet, threw a few to Harry, Ginny and Neville and ripped off the wrapper of his own with his teeth. There were still deep welts on his forearms where the brain's tentacles had wrapped around him. According to Madam Pomfrey, thoughts could leave deeper scarring than almost anything else, though since she had started applying copious amounts of Dr Ubbly's Oblivious Unction there seemed to have been some improvement.  'Yes, they're very complimentary about you now, Harry,' said Hermione, scanning down the article. ' A lone voice of truth . . . perceived as unbalanced, yet never wavered in his story . . . forced to bear ridicule and slander . . . Hmmm,' she said, frowning, 'I notice they don't mention the fact that it was them doing all the ridiculing and slandering in the Prophet . . .'  She winced slightly and put a hand to her ribs. The curse Dolohov had used on her, though less effective than it would have been had he been able to say the incantation aloud, had nevertheless caused, in Madam Pomfrey's words, 'quite enough damage to be going on with'. Hermione was having to take ten different types of potion every day, was improving greatly, and was already bored with the hospital wing.  'You-Know- Who's Last Attempt to Take Over, pages two to Jour, What the Ministry Should Have Told Us, page five, Why Nobody Listened to Albus Dumbledore, pages six to eight, Exclusive Interview with Harry Potter, page nine . . . Well,' said Hermione, folding up the newspaper and throwing it aside, 'it's certainly given them lots to write about. And that interview with Harry isn't exclusive, it's the one that was in The Quibbler months ago . . .'  'Daddy sold it to them,' said Luna vaguely, turning a page of The Quibbler. 'He got a very good price for it, too, so we're going to go on an expedition to Sweden this summer to see if we can catch a Crumple-Horned Snorkack.'  Hermione seemed to struggle with herself for a moment, then said, That sounds lovely.'  Ginny caught Harry's eye and looked away quickly, grinning.  'So, anyway,' said Hermione, sitting up a little straighter and wincing again, 'what's going on in school?'  'Well, Flitwick's got rid of Fred and George's swamp,' said Ginny, 'he did it in about three seconds. But he left a tiny patch under the window and he's roped it off - '  'Why?' said Hermione, looking startled.  'Oh, he just says it was a really good bit of magic,' said Ginny, shrugging.  'I think he left it as a monument to Fred and George,' said Ron, through a mouthful of chocolate. They sent me all these, you know,' he told Harry, pointing at the small mountain of Frogs beside him. 'Must be doing all right out of that joke shop, eh?'  Hermione looked rather disapproving and asked, 'So has all the trouble stopped now Dumbledore's back?'  'Yes,' said Neville, 'everything's settled right back to normal.'  'I s'pose Filch is happy, is he?' asked Ron, propping a Chocolate Frog Card featuring Dumbledore against his water jug.  'Not at all,' said Ginny. 'He's really, really miserable, actually . . .' She lowered her voice to a whisper. 'He keeps saying Umbridge was the best thing that ever happened to Hogwarts . . .'  All six of them looked around. Professor Umbridge was lying in a bed opposite them, gazing up at the ceiling. Dumbledore had strode alone into the Forest to rescue her from the centaurs	 how he had done it - how he had emerged from the trees supporting Professor Umbridge without so much as a scratch on him - nobody knew, and Umbridge was certainly not telling. Since she had returned to the castle she had not, as far as any of them knew, uttered a single word. Nobody really knew what was wrong with her, either. Her usually neat mousy hair was very untidy and there were still bits of twigs and leaves in it, but otherwise she seemed to be quite unscathed.  'Madam Pomfrey says she's just in shock,' whispered Hermione.  'Sulking, more like,' said Ginny.  'Yeah, she shows signs of life if you do this,' said Ron, and with his tongue he made soft clip-clopping noises. Umbridge sat bolt upright, looking around wildly.  'Anything wrong, Professor?' called Madam Pomfrey, poking her head around her office door.  'No . . . no . . .' said Umbridge, sinking back into her pillows. 'No, I must have been dreaming . . .'  Hermione and Ginny muffled their laughter in the bedclothes.  'Speaking of centaurs,' said Hermione, when she had recovered a little, 'who's Divination teacher now? Is Firenze staying?'  'He's got to,' said Harry, 'the other centaurs won't take him back, will they?'  'It looks like he and Trelawney are both going to teach,' said Ginny.  'Bet Dumbledore wishes he could've got rid of Trelawney for good,' said Ron, now munching on his fourteenth Frog. 'Mind you, the whole subject's useless if you ask me, Firenze isn't a lot better . . .'  'How can you say that?' Hermione demanded. 'After we've just found out that there are real prophecies?'  Harry's heart began to race. He had not told Ron, Hermione or anyone else what the prophecy had contained. Neville had told them it had smashed while Harry was pulling him up the steps in the Death Room and Harry had not yet corrected this impression. He was not ready to see their expressions when he told them that he must be either murderer or victim, there was no other way . . .  'It is a pity it broke,' said Hermione quietly, shaking her head.  'Yeah, it is,' said Ron. 'Still, at least You-Know-Who never found out what was in it either - where are you going?' he added, looking both surprised and disappointed as Harry stood up.  'Er - Hagrid's,' said Harry. 'You know, he just got back and I promised I'd go down and see him and tell him how you two are.'  'Oh, all right then,' said Ron grumpily, looking out of the dormitory window at the patch of bright blue sky beyond. 'Wish we could come.'  'Say hello to him for us!' called Hermione, as Harry proceeded down the ward. 'And ask him what's happening about . . . about his little friend!'  Harry gave a wave of his hand to show he had heard and understood as he left the dormitory.  The castle seemed very quiet even for a Sunday. Everybody was clearly out in the sunny grounds, enjoying the end of their exams and the prospect of a last few days of term unhampered by revision or homework. Harry walked slowly along the deserted corridor, peering out of windows as he went	 he could see people messing around in the air over the Quidditch pitch and a couple of students swimming in the lake, accompanied by the giant squid.  He was finding it hard to decide whether he wanted to be with people or not	 whenever he was in company he wanted to get away and whenever he was alone he wanted company. He thought he might really go and visit Hagrid, though, as he had not talked to him properly since he'd returned . . .  Harry had just descended the last marble step into the Entrance Hall when Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle emerged from a door on the right that Harry knew led down to the Slytherin common room. Harry stopped dead	 so did Malfoy and the others. The only sounds were the shouts, laughter and splashes drifting into the Hall from the grounds through the open front doors.  Malfoy glanced around - Harry knew he was checking for signs of teachers - then he looked back at Harry and said in a low voice, 'You're dead, Potter.'  Harry raised his eyebrows.  'Funny' he said, 'you'd think I'd have stopped walking around  Malfoy looked angrier than Harry had ever seen him	 he felt a kind of detached satisfaction at the sight of his pale, pointed face contorted with rage.  'You're going to pay,' said Malfoy, in a voice barely louder than a whisper. 'I'm going to make you pay for what you've done to my father . . .'  'Well, I'm terrified now,' said Harry sarcastically. 'I s'pose Lord Voldemort's just a warm-up act compared to you three - what's the matter?' he added, for Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle had all looked stricken at the sound of the name. 'He's a mate of your dad, isn't he? Not scared of him, are you?'  'You think you're such a big man, Potter,' said Malfoy, advancing now, Crabbe and Goyle flanking him. 'You wait. I'll have you. You can't land my father in prison - '  'I thought I just had,' said Harry.  The Dementors have left Azkaban,' said Malfoy quietly. 'Dad and the others'll be out in no time . . .'  'Yeah, I expect they will,' said Harry. 'Still, at least everyone knows what scumbags they are now - '  Malfoy's hand flew towards his wand, but Harry was too quick for him	 he had drawn his own wand before Malfoy's fingers had even entered the pocket of his robes.  'Potter!'  The voice rang across the Entrance Hall. Snape had emerged from the staircase leading down to his office and at the sight of him Harry felt a great rush of hatred beyond anything he felt towards Malfoy . . . whatever Dumbledore said, he would never forgive Snape . . . never . . .  'What are you doing, Potter?' said Snape, as coldly as ever, as he strode over to the four of them.  'I'm trying to decide what curse to use on Malfoy, sir,' said Harry fiercely.  Snape stared at him.  'Put that wand away at once,' he said curtly. Ten points from Gryff - '  Snape looked towards the giant hour-glasses on the walls and gave a sneering smile.  'Ah. I see there are no longer any points left in the Gryffindor hour-glass to take away. In that case, Potter, we will simply have to - '  'Add some more?'  Professor McGonagall had just stumped up the stone, steps into the castle	 she was carrying a tartan carpetbag in one hand and leaning heavily on a walking stick with her other, but otherwise looked quite well.  'Professor McGonagall!' said Snape, striding forwards. 'Out of St Mungo's, I see!'  'Yes, Professor Snape,' said Professor McGonagall. shrugging off her travelling cloak, 'I'm quite as good as new. You two - Crabbe - Goyle - '  She beckoned them forwards imperiously and they came, shuffling their large feet and looking awkward.  'Here,' said Professor McGonagall, thrusting her carpetbag into Crabbe's chest and her cloak into Goyle's, 'take these up to my office for me.'  They turned and stumped away up the marble staircase.  'Right then,' said Professor McGonagall, looking up at the hourglasses on the wall. 'Well, I think Potter and his friends ought to have fifty points apiece for alerting the world to the return of You-Know-Who! What say you, Professor Snape?'  'What?' snapped Snape, though Harry knew he had heard perfectly well. 'Oh - well - I suppose . . .'  'So that's fifty each for Potter, the two Weasleys, Longbottom and Miss Granger,' said Professor McGonagall, and a shower of rubies fell down into the bottom bulb of Gryffindor s hour-glass as she spoke. 'Oh - and fifty for Miss Lovegood, I suppose,' she added, and a number of sapphires fell into Ravenclaw's glass. 'Now, you wanted to take ten from Mr Potter, I think, Professor Snape - so there we are . . .'  A few rubies retreated into the upper bulb, leaving a respectable amount below nevertheless.  'Well, Potter, Malfoy, I think you ought to be outside on a glorious day like this,' Professor McGonagall continued briskly.  Harry did not need telling twice	 he thrust his wand back inside his robes and headed straight for the front doors without another glance at Snape and Malfoy.  The hot sun hit him with a blast as he walked across the lawns towards Hagrid's cabin. Students lying around on the grass sunbathing, talking, reading the Sunday Prophet and eating sweets, looked up at him as he passed	 some called out to him, or else waved, clearly eager to show that they, like the Prophet, had decided he was something of a hero. Harry said nothing to any of them. He had no idea how much they knew of what had happened three days ago, but he had so far avoided being questioned and preferred to keep it that way.  He thought at first when he knocked on Hagrid's cabin door that he was out, but then Fang came charging around the corner and almost bowled him over with the enthusiasm of his welcome. Hagrid, it transpired, was picking runner beans in his back garden.  'All righ', Harry!' he said, beaming, when Harry approached the fence. 'Come in, come in, we'll have a cup o' dandelion juice . . .  'How's things?' Hagrid asked him, as they settled down at his wooden table with a glass apiece of iced juice. 'Yeh - er - feelin' all righ', are yeh?'  Harry knew from the look of concern on Hagrid's face that he was not referring to Harry's physical well-being.  'I'm fine,' Harry said quickly, because he could not bear to discuss the thing that he knew was in Hagrid's mind. 'So, where've you been?'  'Bin hidin' out in the mountains,' said Hagrid. 'Up in a cave, like Sirius did when he - '  Hagrid broke off, cleared his throat gruffly, looked at Harry, and took a long draught of juice.  'Anyway, back now,' he said feebly.  'You - you look better,' said Harry, who was determined to keep the conversation moving away from Sirius.  'Wha?' said Hagrid, raising a massive hand and feeling his face. 'Oh - oh yeah. Well, Grawpy's loads better behaved now, loads. Seemed right pleased ter see me when I got back, ter tell yeh the truth. He's a good lad, really . . . Ive bin thmkin abou tryin ter find him a lady friend, actually . . .'  Harry would normally have tried to persuade Hagrid out of this idea at once	 the prospect of a second giant taking up residence in the Forest, possibly even wilder and more brutal than Grawp, was positively alarming, but somehow Harry could not muster the energy necessary to argue the point. He was starting to wish he was alone again, and with the idea of hastening his departure he took several large gulps of his dandelion juice, half-emptying bis glass.  'Ev'ryone knows yeh've bin tellin' the truth now, Harry' said Hagrid softly and unexpectedly. He was watching Harry closely. Tha's gotta be better, hasn' it?'  Harry shrugged.  'Look . . .' Hagrid leaned towards him across the table, 'I knew Sirius longer 'n yeh did . . . he died in battle, an tha's the way he'd've wanted ter go - '  'He didn't want to go at all!' said Harry angrily.  Hagrid bowed his great shaggy head.  'Nah, I don' reckon he did,' he said quietly. 'But still, Harry . . . he was never one ter sit aroun' at home an' let other people do the fightin'. He couldn've lived with himself if he hadn' gone ter help - '  Harry leapt up.  'I've got to go and visit Ron and Hermione in the hospital wing,' he said mechanically.  'Oh,' said Hagrid, looking rather upset. 'Oh . . . all righ' then, Harry . . . take care o' yerself then, an' drop back in if yeh've got a mo . . .'  'Yeah . . . right  Harry crossed to the door as fast as he could and pulled it open	 he was out in the sunshine again before Hagrid had finished saying goodbye, and walking away across the lawn. Once again, people called out to him as he passed. He closed his eyes for a few moments, wishing they would all vanish, that he could open his eyes and find himself alone in the grounds . . .  A few days ago, before his exams had finished and he had seen the vision Voldemort had planted in his mind, he would have given almost anything for the wizarding world to know he had been telling the truth, for them to believe that Voldemort was back, and to know that he was neither a liar nor mad. Now, however . . .  He walked a short way around the lake, sat down on its bank, sheltered from the gaze of passers-by behind a tangle of shrubs, and stared out over the gleaming water, thinking . . .  Perhaps the reason he wanted to be alone was because he had felt isolated from everybody since his talk with Dumbledore. An invisible barrier separated him from the rest of the world. He was - he had always been - a marked man. It was just that he had never really understood what that meant . . .  And yet sitting here on the edge of the lake, with the terrible weight of grief dragging at him, with the loss of Sirius so raw and fresh inside, he could not muster any great sense of fear. It was sunny, and the grounds around him were full of laughing people, and even though he felt as distant from them as though he belonged to a different race, it was still very hard to believe as he sat here that his life must include, or end in, murder . . .  He sat there for a long time, gazing out at the water, trying not to think about his godfather or to remember that it was directly across from here, on the opposite bank, that Sirius had once collapsed trying to fend off a hundred Dementors . . .  The sun had set before he realised he was cold. He got up and returned to the castle, wiping his face on his sleeve as he went.*Ron and Hermione left the hospital wing completely cured three days before the end of term. Hermione kept showing signs of wanting to talk about Sirius, but Ron tended to make 'hushing' noises every time she mentioned his name. Harry was still not sure whether or not he wanted to talk about his godfather yet
Half-Blood Prince=It was nearing midnight and the Prime Minister was sitting alone in his office, reading a long memo that was slipping through his brain without leaving the slightest trace of meaning behind. He was waiting for a call from the President of a far distant country, and between wondering when the wretched man would telephone, and trying to suppress unpleasant memories of what had been a very long, tiring, and difficult week, there was not much space in his head for anything else. The more he attempted to focus on the print on the page before him, the more clearly the Prime Minister could see the gloating face of one of his political opponents. This particular opponent had appeared on the news that very day, not only to enumerate all the terrible things that had happened in the last week (as though anyone needed reminding) but also to explain why each and every one of them was the government's fault.The Prime Minister's pulse quickened at the very thought of these accusations, for they were neither fair nor true. How on earth was his government supposed to have stopped that bridge collapsing? It was outrageous for anybody to suggest that they were not spending enough on bridges. The bridge was fewer than ten years old, and the best experts were at a loss to explain why it had snapped cleanly in two, sending a dozen cars into the watery depths of the river below. And how dare anyone suggest that it was lack of policemen that had resulted in those two very nasty and well-publicized murders? Or that the government should have somehow foreseen the freak hurricane in the West Country that had caused so much damage to both people and property? And was it his fault that one of his Junior Ministers, Herbert Chorley, had chosen this week to act so peculiarly that he was now going to be spending a lot more time with his family?A grim mood has gripped the country, the opponent had concluded, barely concealing his own broad grin.And unfortunately, this was perfectly true. The Prime Minister felt it himself	 people really did seem more miserable than usual. Even the weather was dismal	 all this chilly mist in the middle of July... It wasn't right, it wasn't normal...He turned over the second page of the memo, saw how much longer it went on, and gave it up as a bad job. Stretching his arms above his head he looked around his office mournfully. It was a handsome room, with a fine marble fireplace facing the long sash windows, firmly closed against the unseasonable chill. With a slight shiver, the Prime Minister got up and moved over to the window, looking out at the thin mist that was pressing itself against the glass. It was then, as he stood with his back to the room, that he heard a soft cough behind him.He froze, nose to nose with his own scared-looking reflection in the dark glass. He knew that cough. He had heard it before. He turned very slowly to face the empty room.Hello? he said, trying to sound braver than he felt.For a brief moment he allowed himself the impossible hope that nobody would answer him. However, a voice responded at once, a crisp, decisive voice that sounded as though it were reading a prepared statement. It was coming -- as the Prime Minister had known at the first cough -- from the froglike little man wearing a long silver wig who was depicted in a small, dirty oil painting in the far corner of the room.To the Prime Minister of Muggles. Urgent we meet. Kindly respond immediately. Sincerely, Fudge.The man in the painting looked inquiringly at the Prime Minister.Er, said the Prime Minister, listen... Its not a very good time for me... I'm waiting for a telephone call, you see... from the President of--That can be rearranged, said the portrait at once. The Prime Minister's heart sank. He had been afraid of that.But I really was rather hoping to speak--We shall arrange for the President to forget to call. He will telephone tomorrow night instead, said the little man. Kindly respond immediately to Mr. Fudge.I... oh ... very well, said the Prime Minister weakly. Yes, I'll see Fudge.He hurried back to his desk, straightening his tie as he went. He had barely resumed his seat, and arranged his face into what he hoped was a relaxed and unfazed expression, when bright green flames burst into life in the empty grate beneath his marble mantelpiece. He watched, trying not to betray a flicker of surprise or alarm, as a portly man appeared within the flames, spinning as fast as a top. Seconds later, he had climbed out onto a rather fine antique rug, brushing ash from the sleeves of his long pin-striped cloak, a lime-green bowler hat in his hand.Ah... Prime Minister, said Cornelius Fudge, striding forward with his hand outstretched. Good to see you again.The Prime Minister could not honestly return this compliment, so said nothing at all. He was not remotely pleased to see Fudge, whose occasional appearances, apart from being downright alarming in themselves, generally meant that he was about to hear some very bad news. Furthermore, Fudge was looking distinctly careworn. He was thinner, balder, and grayer, and his face had a crumpled look. The Prime Minister had seen that kind of look in politicians before, and it never boded well.How can I help you? he said, shaking Fudge's hand very briefly and gesturing toward the hardest of the chairs in front of the desk.Difficult to know where to begin, muttered Fudge, pulling up the chair, sitting down, and placing his green bowler upon his knees. What a week, what a week...Had a bad one too, have you? asked the Prime Minister stiffly, hoping to convey by this that he had quite enough on his plate already without any extra helpings from Fudge.Yes, of course, said Fudge, rubbing his eyes wearily and looking morosely at the Prime Minister. I've been having the same week you have, Prime Minister. The Brockdale Bridge... the Bones and Vance murders... not to mention the ruckus in the West Country...You--er--your--I mean to say, some of your people were--were involved in those--those things, were they?Fudge fixed the Prime Minister with a rather stern look. Of course they were, he said, Surely you've realized what's going on?I... hesitated the Prime Minister.It was precisely this sort of behavior that made him dislike Fudge's visits so much. He was, after all, the Prime Minister and did not appreciate being made to feel like an ignorant schoolboy. But of course, it had been like this from his very first meeting with Fudge on his very first evening as Prime Minister. He remembered it as though it were yesterday and knew it would haunt him until his dying day.He had been standing alone in this very office, savoring the triumph that was his after so many years of dreaming and scheming, when he had heard a cough behind him, just like tonight, and turned to find that ugly little portrait talking to him, announcing that the Minister of Magic was about to arrive and introduce himselfNaturally, he had thought that the long campaign and the strain of the election had caused him to go mad. He had been utterly terrified to find a portrait talking to him, though this had been nothing to how he felt when a self-proclaimed wizard had bounced out of the fireplace and shaken his hand. He had remained speechless throughout Fudge's kindly explanation that there were witches and wizards still living in secret all over the world and his reassurances that he was not to bother his head about them as the Ministry of Magic took responsibility for the whole Wizarding community and prevented the non-magical population from getting wind of them. It was, said Fudge, a difficult job that encompassed everything from regulations on responsible use of broomsticks to keeping the dragon population under control (the Prime Minister remembered clutching the desk for support at this point). Fudge had then patted the shoulder of the sLill-dumbstruck Prime Minister in a fatherly sort of way.Not to worry, he had said, it's odds-on you'll never see me again. I'll only bother you if there's something really serious going on our end, something that's likely to affect the Muggles--the non-magical population, I should say. Otherwise, it's live and let live. And I must say, you're taking it a lot better than your predecessor. He tried to throw me out the window, thought I was a hoax planned by the opposition.At this, the Prime Minister had found his voice at last. You're--you're not a hoax, then?It had been his last, desperate hope.No, said Fudge gently. No, I'm afraid I'm not. Look.And he had turned the Prime Minister's teacup into a gerbil.But, said the Prime Minister breathlessly, watching his teacup chewing on the corner of his next speech, but why--why has nobody told me--?The Minister of Magic only reveals him--or herself to the Muggle Prime Minister of the day, said Fudge, poking his wand back inside his jacket. We find it the best way to maintain secrecy.But then, bleated the Prime Minister, why hasn't a former Prime Minister warned me--?At this, Fudge had actually laughed.My dear Prime Minister, are you ever going to tell anybody?Still chortling, Fudge had thrown some powder into the fireplace, stepped into the emerald flames, and vanished with a whooshing sound. The Prime Minister had stood there, quite motionless, and realized that he would never, as long as he lived, dare mention this encounter to a living soul, for who in the wide world would believe him?The shock had taken a little while to wear off. For a time, he had tried to convince himself that Fudge had indeed been a hallucination brought on by lack of sleep during his grueling election campaign. In a vain attempt to rid himself of all reminders of this uncomfortable encounter, he had given the gerbil to his delighted niece and instructed his private secretary to take down the portrait of the ugly little man who had announced Fudge's arrival. To the Prime Minister's dismay, however, the portrait had proved impossible to remove. When several carpenters, a builder or two, an art historian, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer had all tried unsuccessfully to prise it from the wall, the Prime Minister had abandoned the attempt and simply resolved to hope that the thing remained motionless and silent for the rest of his term in office. Occasionally he could have sworn he saw out of the corner of his eye the occupant of the painting yawning, or else scratching his nose	 even, once or twice, simply walking out of his frame and leaving nothing but a stretch of muddy-brown canvas behind. However, he had trained himself not to look at the picture very much, and always to tell himself firmly that his eyes were playing tricks on him when anything like this happened.Then, three years ago, on a night very like tonight, the Prime Minister had been alone in his office when the portrait had once again announced the imminent arrival of Fudge, who had burst out of the fireplace, sopping wet and in a state of considerable panic. Before the Prime Minister could ask why he was dripping all over the Axminster, Fudge had started ranting about a prison the Prime Minister had never heard of, a man named Serious Black, something that sounded like Hogwarts, and a boy called Harry Potter, none of which made the remotest sense to the Prime Minister....I've just come from Azkaban, Fudge had panted, tipping a large amount of water out of the rim of his bowler hat into his pocket. Middle of the North Sea, you know, nasty flight... the dementors are in uproar--he shuddered--they've never had a breakout before. Anyway, I had to come to you, Prime Minister. Black's a known Muggle killer and may be planning to rejoin You-Know-Who.... But of course, you don't even know who You-Know-Who is! He had gazed hopelessly at the Prime Minister for a moment, then said, Well, sit down, sit down, I'd better fill you in... Have a whiskey...The Prime Minister rather resented being told to sit down in his own office, let alone offered his own whiskey, but he sat nevertheless. Fudge pulled out his wand, conjured two large glasses full of amber liquid out of thin air, pushed one of them into the Prime Minister's hand, and drew up a chair.Fudge had talked for more than an hour. At one point, he had refused to say a certain name aloud and wrote it instead on a piece of parchment, which he had thrust into the Prime Minister's whiskey-free hand. When at last Fudge had stood up to leave, the Prime Minister had stood up too.So you think that... He had squinted down at the name in his left hand. Lord Vol--He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named! snarled Fudge.I'm sorry... You think that He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named is still alive, then?Well, Dumbledore says he is, said Fudge, as he had fastened his pin-striped cloak under his chin, but we've never found him. If you ask me, he's not dangerous unless he's got support, so it's Black we ought to be worrying about. You'll put out that warning, then? Excellent. Well, I hope we don't see each other again, Prime Minister! Good night.But they had seen each other again. Less than a year later a harassed-looking Fudge had appeared out of thin air in the cabinet room to inform the Prime Minister that there had been a spot of bother at the Kwidditch (or that was what it had sounded like) World Cup and that several Muggles had been involved, but that the Prime Minister was not to worry, the fact that You-Know-Who's Mark had been seen again meant nothing	 Fudge was sure it was an isolated incident, and the Muggle Liaison Office was dealing with all memory modifications as they spoke.Oh, and I almost forgot, Fudge had added. We're importing three foreign dragons and a sphinx for the Triwizard Tournament, quite routine, but the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures tells me that its down in the rule book that we have to notify you if we're bringing highly dangerous creatures into the country.I--what--dragons? spluttered the Prime Minister.Yes, three, said Fudge. And a sphinx. Well, good day to you.The Prime Minister had hoped beyond hope that dragons and sphinxes would be the worst of it, but no. Less than two years later, Fudge had erupted out of the fire yet again, this time with the news that there had been a mass breakout from Azkaban.A mass breakout? repeated the Prime Minister hoarsely.No need to worry, no need to worry! shouted Fudge, already with one foot in the flames. We'll have them rounded up in no time--just thought you ought to know!And before the Prime Minister could shout, Now, wait just one moment! Fudge had vanished in a shower of green sparks.Whatever the press and the opposition might say, the Prime Minister was not a foolish man. It had not escaped his notice that, despite Fudge's assurances at their first meeting, they were now seeing rather a lot of each other, nor that Fudge was becoming more flustered with each visit. Little though he liked to think about the Minister of Magic (or, as he always called Fudge in his head, the Other Minister), the Prime Minister could not help but fear that the next time Fudge appeared it would be with graver news still. The site, therefore, of Fudge stepping out of the fire once more, looking disheveled and fretful and sternly surprised that the Prime Minister did not know exactly why he was there, was about the worst thing that had happened in the course of this extremely gloomy week.How should I know what's going on in the--er--Wizarding community? snapped the Prime Minister now. I have a country to run and quite enough concerns at the moment without--We have the same concerns, Fudge interrupted. The Brock-dale Bridge didn't wear out. That wasn't really a hurricane. Those murders were not the work of Muggles. And Herbert Chorley's family would be safer without him. We are currently making arrangements to have him transferred to St. Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries. The move should be effected tonight.What do you... I'm afraid I ... What? blustered the Prime Minister.Fudge took a great, deep breath and said, Prime Minister, I am very sorry to have to tell you that he's back. He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named is back.Back? When you say 'back'... he's alive? I mean--The Prime Minister groped in his memory for the details of that horrible conversation of three years previously, when Fudge had told him about the wizard who was feared above all others, the wizard who had committed a thousand terrible crimes before his mysterious disappearance fifteen years earlier.Yes, alive, said Fudge. That is--I don't know--is a man alive if he can't be killed? I don't really understand it, and Dumbledore won't explain properly--but anyway, he's certainly got a body and is walking and talking and killing, so I suppose, for the purposes of our discussion, yes, he's alive.The Prime Minister did not know what to say to this, but a persistent habit of wishing to appear well-informed on any subject that came up made him cast around for any details he could remember of their previous conversations.Is Serious Black with--er--He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named?Black? Black? said Fudge distractedly, turning his bowler rapidly in his fingers. Sirius Black, you mean? Merlin's beard, no. Black's dead. Turns out we were--er--mistaken about Black. He was innocent after all. And he wasn't in league with He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named either. I mean, he added defensively, spinning the bowler hat still faster, all the evidence pointed--we had more than fifty eyewitnesses--but anyway, as I say, he's dead. Murdered, as a matter of fact. On Ministry of Magic premises. There's going to be an inquiry, actually...To his great surprise, the Prime Minister felt a fleeting stab of pity for Fudge at this point. It was, however, eclipsed almost immediately by a glow of smugness at the thought that, deficient though he himself might be in the area of materializing out of fireplaces, there had never been a murder in any of the government departments under his charge... Not yet, anyway...While the Prime Minister surreptitiously touched the wood of his desk, Fudge continued, But Blacks by-the-by now. The point is, we're at war, Prime Minister, and steps must be taken.At war? repeated the Prime Minister nervously. Surely that's a little bit of an overstatement?He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named has now been joined by those of his followers who broke out of Azkaban in January, said Fudge, speaking more and more rapidly and twirling his bowler so fast that it was a lime-green blur. Since they have moved into the open, they have been wreaking havoc. The Brockdale Bridge--he did it, Prime Minister, he threatened a mass Muggle killing unless I stood aside for him and--Good grief, so it's your fault those people were killed and I'm having to answer questions about rusted rigging and corroded expansion joints and I don't know what else! said the Prime Minister furiously.My fault! said Fudge, coloring up. Are you saying you would have caved in to blackmail like that?Maybe not, said the Prime Minister, standing up and striding about the room, but I would have put all my efforts into catching the blackmailer before he committed any such atrocity!Do you really think I wasn't already making every effort? demanded Fudge heatedly. Every Auror in the Ministry was--and is--trying to find him and round up his followers, but we happen to be talking about one of the most powerful wizards of all time, a wizard who has eluded capture for almost three decades!So I suppose you're going to tell me he caused the hurricane in the West Country too? said the Prime Minister, his temper rising with every pace he took. It was infuriating to discover the reason for all these terrible disasters and not to be able to tell the public, almost worse than it being the government's fault after all.That was no hurricane, said Fudge miserably.Excuse me! barked the Prime Minister, now positively stamping up and down. Trees uprooted, roofs ripped off, lampposts bent, horrible injuries--It was the Death Eaters, said Fudge. He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named's followers. And... and we suspect giant involvement.The Prime Minister stopped in his tracks as though he had hit an invisible wall. What involvement?Fudge grimaced. He used giants last time, when he wanted to go for the grand effect, he said. The Office of Misinformation has been working around the clock, we've had teams of Obliviators out trying to modify the memories of all the Muggles who saw what really happened, we've got most of the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures running around Somerset, but we can't find the giant--it's been a disaster.You don't say! said the Prime Minister furiously.I won't deny that morale is pretty low at the Ministry, said Fudge. What with all that, and then losing Amelia Bones.Losing who?Amelia Bones. Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement. We think He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named may have murdered her in person, because she was a very gifted witch and--and all the evidence was that she put up a real fight.Fudge cleared his throat and, with an effort, it seemed, stopped spinning his bowler hat.But that murder was in the newspapers, said the Prime Minister, momentarily diverted from his anger. Our newspapers. Amelia Bones... it just said she was a middle-aged woman who lived alone. It was a--a nasty killing, wasn't it? It's had rather a lot of publicity. The police are baffled, you see.Fudge sighed. Well, of course they are, he said. Killed in a room that was locked from the inside, wasn't she? We, on the other hand, know exactly who did it, not that that gets us any further toward catching him. And then there was Emmeline Vance, maybe you didn't hear about that one--Oh yes I did! said the Prime Minister. It happened just around the corner from here, as a matter of fact. The papers had a field day with it, 'breakdown of law and order in the Prime Minister's backyard--'And as if all that wasn't enough, said Fudge, barely listening to the Prime Minister, we've got dementors swarming all over the place, attacking people left, right, and center...Once upon a happier time this sentence would have been unintelligible to the Prime Minister, but he was wiser now.I thought dementors guard the prisoners in Azkaban, he said cautiously.They did, said Fudge wearily. But not anymore. They've deserted the prison and joined He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named. I won't pretend that wasn't a blow.But, said the Prime Minister, with a sense of dawning horror, didn't you tell me they're the creatures that drain hope and happiness out of people?That's right. And they're breeding. That's what's causing all this mist.The Prime Minister sank, weak-kneed, into the nearest chair. The idea of invisible creatures swooping through the towns and countryside, spreading despair and hopelessness in his voters, made him feel quite faint.Now see here, Fudge--you've got to do something! It's your responsibility as Minister of Magic!My dear Prime Minister, you can't honestly think I'm still Minister of Magic after all this? I was sacked three days ago! The whole Wizarding community has been screaming for my resignation for a fortnight. I've never known them so united in my whole term of office! said Fudge, with a brave attempt at a smile.The Prime Minister was momentarily lost for words. Despite his indignation at the position into which he had been placed, he still rather felt for the shrunken-looking man sitting opposite him.I'm very sorry, he said finally. If there's anything I can do?It's very kind of you, Prime Minister, but there is nothing. I was sent here tonight to bring you up to date on recent events and to introduce you to my successor. I rather thought he'd be here by now, but of course, he's very busy at the moment, with so much going on.Fudge looked around at the portrait of the ugly little man wearing the long curly silver wig, who was digging in his ear with the point of a quill. Catching Fudge's eye, the portrait said, He'll be here in a moment, he's just finishing a letter to Dumbledore.I wish him luck, said Fudge, sounding bitter for the first time. I've been writing to Dumbledore twice a day for the past fortnight, but he won't budge. If he'd just been prepared to persuade the boy, I might still be... Well, maybe Scrimgeour will have more success.Fudge subsided into what was clearly an aggrieved silence, but it was broken almost immediately by the portrait, which suddenly spoke in its crisp, official voice.To the Prime Minister of Muggles. Requesting a meeting. Urgent. Kindly respond immediately. Rufus Scrimgeour, Minister of Magic.Yes, yes, fine, said the Prime Minister distractedly, and he barely flinched as the flames in the grate turned emerald green again, rose up, and revealed a second spinning wizard in their heart, disgorging him moments later onto the antique rug.Fudge got to his feet and, after a moment's hesitation, the Prime Minister did the same, watching the new arrival straighten up, dust down his long black robes, and look around.The Prime Minister's first, foolish thought was that Rufus Scrimgeour looked rather like an old lion. There were streaks of gray in his mane of tawny hair and his bushy eyebrows	 he had keen yellowish eyes behind a pair of wire-rimmed spectacles and a certain rangy, loping grace even though he walked with a slight limp. There was an immediate impression of shrewdness and toughness	 the Prime Minister thought he understood why the Wizarding community preferred Scrimgeour to Fudge as a leader in these dangerous times.How do you do? said the Prime Minister politely, holding out his hand.Scrimgeour grasped it briefly, his eyes scanning the room, then pulled out a wand from under his robes.Fudge told you everything? he asked, striding over to the door and tapping the keyhole with his wand. The Prime Minister heard the lock click.Er--yes, said the Prime Minister. And if you don't mind, I'd rather that door remained unlocked.I'd rather not be interrupted, said Scrimgeour shortly, or watched, he added, pointing his wand at the windows, so that the curtains swept across them. Right, well, I'm a busy man, so let's get down lo business. First of all, we need to discuss your security.The Prime Minister drew himself up to his fullest height and replied, I am perfectly happy with the security I've already got, thank you very--Well, we're not, Scrimgeour cut in. It'll be a poor lookout for the Muggles if their Prime Minister gets put under the Imperius Curse. The new secretary in your outer office--I'm not getting rid of Kingsley Shacklebolt, if that's what you're suggesting! said the Prime Minister hotly. He's highly efficient, gets through twice the work the rest of them--That's because he's a wizard, said Scrimgeour, without a flicker of a smile. A highly trained Auror, who has been assigned to you for your protection.Now, wait a moment! declared the Prime Minister. You can't just put your people into my office, I decide who works for me--I thought you were happy with Shacklebolt? said Scrimgeour coldly.I am--that's to say, I was--Then there's no problem, is there? said Scrimgeour.I... well, as long as Shacklebolt's work continues to be... er... excellent, said the Prime Minister lamely, but Scrimgeour barely seemed to hear him.Now, about Herbert Chorley, your Junior Minister, he continued. The one who has been entertaining the public by impersonating a duck.What about him? asked the Prime Minister.He has clearly reacted to a poorly performed Imperius Curse, said Scrimgeour. It's addled his brains, but he could still be dangerous.He's only quacking! said the Prime Minister weakly. Surely a bit of a rest... Maybe go easy on the drink...A team of Healers from St. Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries are examining him as we speak. So far he has attempted to strangle three of them, said Scrimgeour. I think it best that we remove him from Muggle society for a while.I... well... He'll be all right, won't he? said the Prime Minister anxiously.Scrimgeour merely shrugged, already moving back toward the fireplace.Well, that's really all I had to say. I will keep you posted of developments, Prime Minister--or, at least, I shall probably be too busy to come personally, in which case I shall send Fudge here. He has consented to stay on in an advisory capacity.Fudge attempted to smile, but was unsuccessful	 he merely looked as though he had a toothache. Scrimgeour was already rummaging in his pocket for the mysterious powder that turned the fire green. The Prime Minister gazed hopelessly at the pair of them for a moment, then the words he had fought to suppress all evening burst from him at last.But for heaven's sake--you're wizards! You can do magic! Surely you can sort out--well--anything!Scrimgeour turned slowly on the spot and exchanged an incredulous look with Fudge, who really did manage a smile this time as he said kindly, The trouble is, the other side can do magic too, Prime Minister.And with that, the two wizards stepped one after the other into the bright green fire and vanished.,134,Half-Blood Prince,1						
Half-Blood Prince=Many miles away the chilly mist that had pressed against the Prime Minister's windows drifted over a dirty river that wound between overgrown, rubbish-strewn banks. An immense chimney, relic of a disused mill, reared up, shadowy and ominous. There was no sound apart from the whisper of the black water and no sign of life apart from a scrawny fox that had slunk down the bank to nose hopefully at some old fish-and-chip wrappings in the tall grass.But then, with a very faint pop, a slim, hooded figure appeared out of thin air on the edge of the river. The fox froze, wary eyes fixed upon this strange new phenomenon. The figure seemed to take its bearings for a few moments, then set off with light, quick strides, its long cloak rustling over the grass.With a second and louder pop, another hooded figure materialized.Wait!The harsh cry startled the fox, now crouching almost flat in the undergrowth. It leapt from its hiding place and up the bank. There was a flash of green light, a yelp, and the fox fell back to the ground, dead.The second figure turned over the animal with its toe.Just a fox, said a woman's voice dismissively from under the hood. I thought perhaps an Auror--Cissy, wait!But her quarry, who had paused and looked back at the flash of light, was already scrambling up the bank the fox had just fallen down.Cissy--Narcissa--listen to me--The second woman caught the first and seized her arm, but the other wrenched it away.Go back, Bella!You must listen to me!I've listened already. I've made my decision. Leave me alone!The woman named Narcissa gained the top of the bank, where a line of old railings separated the river from a narrow, cobbled street. The other woman, Bella, followed at once. Side by side they stood looking across the road at the rows and rows of dilapidated brick houses, their windows dull and blind in the darkness.He lives here? asked Bella in a voice of contempt. Here? In this Muggle dunghill? We must be the first of our kind ever to set foot--But Narcissa was not listening	 she had slipped through a gap in the rusty railings and was already hurrying across the road.Cissy, wait!Bella followed, her cloak streaming behind, and saw Narcissa darting through an alley between the houses into a second, almost identical street. Some of the streetlamps were broken	 the two women were running between patches of light and deep darkness. The pursuer caught up with her prey just as she turned another corner, this time succeeding in catching hold of her arm and swinging her around so that they faced each other.Cissy, you must not do this, you can't trust him--The Dark Lord trusts him, doesn't he?The Dark Lord is... I believe... mistaken, Bella panted, and her eyes gleamed momentarily under her hood as she looked around to check that they were indeed alone. In any case, we were told not to speak of the plan to anyone. This is a betrayal of the Dark Lord's--Let go, Bella! snarled Narcissa, and she drew a wand from beneath her cloak, holding it threateningly in the other's face. Bella merely laughed.Cissy, your own sister? You wouldn't--There is nothing I wouldn't do anymore! Narcissa breathed, a note of hysteria in her voice, and as she brought down the wand like a knife, there was another flash of light. Bella let go of her sister's arm as though burned.Narcissa!But Narcissa had rushed ahead. Rubbing her hand, her pursuer followed again, keeping her distance now, as they moved deeper into the deserted labyrinth of brick houses. At last, Narcissa hurried up a street named Spinner's End, over which the towering mill chimney seemed to hover like a giant admonitory finger. Her footsteps echoed on the cobbles as she passed boarded and broken windows, until she reached the very last house, where a dim light glimmered through the curtains in a downstairs room.She had knocked on the door before Bella, cursing under her breath, had caught up. Together they stood waiting, panting slightly, breathing in the smell of the dirty river that was carried to them on the night breeze. After a few seconds, they heard movement behind the door and it opened a crack. A sliver of a man could be seen looking out at them, a man with long black hair parted in curtains around a sallow face and black eyes.Narcissa threw back her hood. She was so pale that she seemed to shine in the darkness	 the long blonde hair streaming down her back gave her the look of a drowned person.Narcissa! said the man, opening the door a little wider, so that the light fell upon her and her sister too. What a pleasant surprise!Severus, she said in a strained whisper. May I speak to you? It's urgent.But of course.He stood back to allow her to pass him into the house. Her still-hooded sister followed without invitation.Snape, she said curtly as she passed him.Bellatrix, he replied, his thin mouth curling into a slightly mocking smile as he closed the door with a snap behind them.They had stepped directly into a tiny sitting room, which had the feeling of a dark, padded cell. The walls were completely covered in books, most of them bound in old black or brown leather	 a threadbare sofa, an old armchair, and a rickety table stood grouped together in a pool of dim light cast by a candle-filled lamp hung from the ceiling. The place had an air of neglect, as though it was not usually inhabited.Snape gestured Narcissa to the sofa. She threw off her cloak, cast it aside, and sat down, staring at her white and trembling hands clasped in her lap. Bellatrix lowered her hood more slowly. Dark as her sister was fair, with heavily lidded eyes and a strong jaw, she did not take her gaze from Snape as she moved to stand behind Narcissa.So, what can I do for you? Snape asked, settling himself in the armchair opposite the two sisters.We... we are alone, aren't we? Narcissa asked quietly.'Yes, of course. Well, Wormtail's here, but we're not counting vermin, are we?He pointed his wand at the wall of books behind him and with a bang, a hidden door flew open, revealing a narrow staircase upon which a small man stood frozen.As you have clearly realized, Wormtail, we have guests, said Snape lazily.The man crept, hunchbacked, down the last few steps and moved into the room. He had small, watery eyes, a pointed nose, and wore an unpleasant simper. His left hand was caressing his right, which looked as though it was encased in a bright silver glove.Narcissa! he said, in a squeaky voice. And Bellatrix! How charming--Wormtail will get us drinks, if you'd like them, said Snape. And then he will return to his bedroom.Wormtail winced as though Snape had thrown something at him.I am not your servant! he squeaked, avoiding Snape's eye.Really? I was under the impression that the Dark Lord placed you here to assist me.To assist, yes--but not to make you drinks and--and clean your house!I had no idea, Wormtail, that you were craving more dangerous assignments, said Snape silkily. This can be easily arranged: I shall speak to the Dark Lord--I can speak to him myself if I want to!Of course you can, said Snape, sneering. But in the meantime, bring us drinks. Some of the elf-made wine will do.Wormtail hesitated for a moment, looking as though he might argue, but then turned and headed through a second hidden door. They heard banging and a clinking of glasses. Within seconds he was back, bearing a dusty bottle and three glasses upon a tray. He dropped these on the rickety table and scurried from their presence, slamming the book-covered door behind him.Snape poured out three glasses of bloodred wine and handed two of them to the sisters. Narcissa murmured a word of thanks, whilst Bellatrix said nothing, but continued to glower at Snape. This did not seem to discompose him	 on the contrary, he looked rather amused.The Dark Lord, he said, raising his glass and draining it.The sisters copied him. Snape refilled their glasses. As Narcissa took her second drink she said in a rush, Severus, I'm sorry to come here like this, but I had to see you. I think you are the only one who can help me--Snape held up a hand to stop her, then pointed his wand again at the concealed staircase door. There was a loud bang and a squeal, followed by the sound of Wormtail scurrying back up the stairs.My apologies, said Snape. He has lately taken to listening at doors, I don't know what he means by it... You were saying, Narcissa?She took a great, shuddering breath and started again.Severus, I know I ought not to be here, I have been told to say nothing to anyone, but--Then you ought to hold your tongue! snarled Bellatrix. Particularly in present company!'Present company'? repeated Snape sardonically. And what urn I to understand by that, Bellatrix?That I don't trust you, Snape, as you very well know!Narcissa let out a noise that might have been a dry sob and covered her face with her hands. Snape set his glass down upon the table and sat back again, his hands upon the arms of his chair, smiling into Bellatrix's glowering face.Narcissa, I think we ought to hear what Bellatrix is bursting to say	 it will save tedious interruptions. Well, continue, Bellatrix, said Snape. Why is it that you do not trust me?A hundred reasons! she said loudly, striding out from behind the sofa to slam her glass upon the table. Where to start! Where were you when the Dark Lord fell? Why did you never make any attempt to find him when he vanished? What have you been doing all these years that you've lived in Dumbledore's pocket? Why did you stop the Dark Lord procuring the Sorcerer's Stone? Why did you not return at once when the Dark Lord was reborn? Where were you a few weeks ago when we battled to retrieve the prophecy for the Dark Lord? And why, Snape, is Harry Potter still alive, when you have had him at your mercy for five years?She paused, her chest rising and falling rapidly, the color high in her cheeks. Behind her, Narcissa sat motionless, her face still hidden in her hands.Snape smiled.Before I answer you  oh yes, Bellatrix, I am going to answer! You can carry my words back to the others who whisper behind my back, and carry false tales of my treachery to the Dark Lord! Before I answer you, I say, let me ask a question in turn. Do you really think that the Dark Lord has not asked me each and every one of those questions? And do you really think that, had I not been able to give satisfactory answers, I would be sitting here talking to you?She hesitated.I know he believes you, but. . .You think he is mistaken? Or that I have somehow hoodwinked him? Fooled the Dark Lord, the greatest wizard, the most accomplished Legilimens the world has ever seen?Bellatrix said nothing, but looked, for the first time, a little discomfited. Snape did not press the point. He picked up his drink again, sipped it, and continued, You ask where I was when the Dark Lord fell. I was where he had ordered me to be, at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, because he wished me to spy upon Albus Dumbledore. You know, I presume, that it was on the Dark Lord's orders that I took up the post?She nodded almost imperceptibly and then opened her mouth, but Snape forestalled her.You ask why I did not attempt to find him when he vanished. For the same reason that Avery, Yaxley, the Carrows, Greyback, Lucius  he inclined his head slightly to Narcissa  and many others did not attempt to find him. I believed him finished. I am not proud of it, I was wrong, but there it is. ... If he had not forgiven we who lost faith at that time, he would have very few followers left.He'd have me! said Bellatrix passionately. I, who spent many years in Azkaban for him!Yes, indeed, most admirable, said Snape in a bored voice. Of i nurse, you weren't a lot of use to him in prison, but the gesture was undoubtedly fine Gesture! she shrieked	 in her fury she looked slightly mad. While I endured the dementors, you remained at Hogwarts, comfortably playing Dumbledore's pet!Not quite, said Snape calmly. He wouldn't give me the Defense Against the Dark Arts job, you know. Seemed to think it might, ah, bring about a relapse , . . tempt me into my old ways.This was your sacrifice for the Dark Lord, not to teach your favorite subject? she jeered. Why did you stay there all that time, Snape? Still spying on Dumbledore for a master you believed dead?Hardly, said Snape, although the Dark Lord is pleased that I never deserted my post: I had sixteen years of information on Dumbledore to give him when he returned, a rather more useful welcome-back present than endless reminiscences of how unpleasant Azkaban is. . . .But you stayed Yes, Bellatrix, I stayed, said Snape, betraying a hint of impatience for the first time. I had a comfortable job that I preferred to a stint in Azkaban. They were rounding up the Death Eaters, you know. Dumbledore's protection kept me out of jail	 it was most convenient and I used it. I repeat: The Dark Lord does not complain that I stayed, so I do not see why you do.I think you next wanted to know, he pressed on a little more loudly, for Bellatrix showed every sign of interrupting, why I stood between the Dark Lord and the Sorcerer's Stone. That is easily answered. He did not know whether he could trust me. He thought, like you, that I had turned from faithful Death Eater to Dumbledore's stooge. He was in a pitiable condition, very weak, sharing the body of a mediocre wizard. He did not dare reveal himself to a former ally if that ally might turn him over to Dumbledore or the Ministry. I deeply regret that he did not trust me. He would have returned to power three years sooner. As it was, I saw only greedy and unworthy Quirrell attempting to steal the stone and, I admit, I did all I could to thwart him.Bellatrix's mouth twisted as though she had taken an unpleasant dose of medicine.But you didn't return when he came back, you didn't fly back to him at once when you felt the Dark Mark burn Correct. I returned two hours later. I returned on Dumbledore's orders.On Dumbledore's  ? she began, in tones of outrage.Think! said Snape, impatient again. Think! By waiting two hours, just two hours, I ensured that I could remain at Hogwarts as a spy! By allowing Dumbledore to think that I was only returning to the Dark Lord's side because I was ordered to, I have been able to pass information on Dumbledore and the Order of the Phoenix ever since! Consider, Bellatrix: The Dark Mark had been growing stronger for months. I knew he must be about to return, all the Death Eaters knew! I had plenty of time to think about what I wanted to do, to plan my next move, to escape like Karkaroff, didn't I?The Dark Lord's initial displeasure at my lateness vanished entirely, 1 assure you, when I explained that 1 remained faithful, although Dumbledore thought I was his man. Yes, the Dark Lord thought that I had left him forever, but he was wrong.But what use have you been? sneered Bellatrix. What useful information have we had from you?My information has been conveyed directly to the Dark Lord, said Snape. If he chooses not to share it with you He shares everything with me! said Bellatrix, firing up at once. He calls me his most loyal, his most faithful Does he? said Snape, his voice delicately inflected to suggest his disbelief. Does he still, after the fiasco at the Ministry?That was not my fault! said Bellatrix, flushing. The Dark Lord has, in the past, entrusted me with his most precious  if Lucius hadn't Don't you dare  don't you dare blame my husband! said Narcissa, in a low and deadly voice, looking up at her sister.There is no point apportioning blame, said Snape smoothly. What is done, is done.But not by you! said Bellatrix furiously. No, you were once again absent while the rest of us ran dangers, were you not, Snape?My orders were to remain behind, said Snape. Perhaps you disagree with the Dark Lord, perhaps you think that Dumbledore would not have noticed if I had joined forces with the Death Eaters to fight the Order of the Phoenix? And  forgive me  you speak of dangers . . . you were facing six teenagers, were you not?They were joined, as you very well know, by half of the Order before long! snarled Bellatrix. And, while we are on the subject of the Order, you still claim you cannot reveal the whereabouts of their headquarters, don't you?I am not the Secret-Keeper	 I cannot speak the name of the place. You understand how the enchantment works, I think? The Dark Lord is satisfied with the information I have passed him on the Order. It led, as perhaps you have guessed, to the recent capture and murder of Emmeline Vance, and it certainly helped dispose of Sirius Black, though I give you full credit for finishing him off.He inclined his head and toasted her. Her expression did nor soften.You are avoiding my last question, Snape. Harry Potter. You could have killed him at any point in the past five years. You have not done it. Why?Have you discussed this matter with the Dark Lord? asked Snape.He . . . lately, we ... I am asking you, Snape!If I had murdered Harry Potter, the Dark Lord could not have used his blood to regenerate, making him invincible You claim you foresaw his use of the boy! she jeered.I do not claim it	 I had no idea of his plans	 I have already confessed that I thought the Dark Lord dead. I am merely trying to explain why the Dark Lord is not sorry that Potter survived, at least until a year ago. . . .But why did you keep him alive?Have you not understood me? It was only Dumbledore's protection that was keeping me out of Azkaban! Do you disagree that murdering his favorite student might have turned him against me? But there was more to it than that. I should remind you that when Potter first arrived at Hogwarts there were still many stories circulating about him, rumors that he himself was a great Dark wizard, which was how he had survived the Dark Lord's attack. Indeed, many of the Dark Lords old followers thought Potter might be a standard around which we could all rally once more. I was curious, 1 admit it, and not at all inclined to murder him the moment he set fool in the castle.Of course, it became apparent to me very quickly that he had no extraordinary talent at all. He has fought his way out of a number of tight corners by a simple combination of sheer luck and more talented friends. He is mediocre to the last degree, though as obnoxious and self-satisfied as was his father before him. I have done my utmost to have him thrown out of Hogwarts, where I believe he scarcely belongs, but kill him, or allow him to be killed in front of me? I would have been a fool to risk it with Dumbledore close at hand.And through all this we are supposed to believe Dumbledore has never suspected you? asked Bellatrix. He has no idea of your true allegiance, he trusts you implicitly still?I have played my part well, said Snape. And you overlook Dumbledore's greatest weakness: He has to believe the best of people. I spun him a tale of deepest remorse when I joined his staff, fresh from my Death Eater days, and he embraced me with open arms  though, as I say, never allowing me nearer the Dark Arts than he could help. Dumbledore has been a great wizard  oh yes, he has, (for Bellatrix had made a scathing noise), the Dark Lord acknowledges it. I am pleased to say, however, that Dumbledore is growing old. The duel with the Dark Lord last month shook him. He has since sustained a serious injury because his reactions are slower than they once were. But through all these years, he has never stopped trusting Severus Snape, and therein lies my great value to the Dark Lord.Bellatrix still looked unhappy, though she appeared unsure how best to attack Snape next. Taking advantage of her silence, Snape turned to her sister.Now . . . you came to ask me for help, Narcissa?Narcissa looked up at him, her face eloquent with despair.Yes, Severus. I  I think you are the only one who can help me, I have nowhere else to turn. Lucius is in jail and . . .She closed her eyes and two large tears seeped from beneath her eyelids.The Dark Lord has forbidden me to speak of it, Narcissa continued, her eyes still closed. He wishes none to know of the plan. It is ... very secret. But If he has forbidden it, you ought not to speak, said Snape at once. The Dark Lord's word is law.Narcissa gasped as though he had doused her with cold water. Bellatrix looked satisfied for the first time since she had entered the house.There! she said triumphantly to her sister. Even Snape says so: You were told not to talk, so hold your silence!But Snape had gotten to his feet and strode to the small window, peered through the curtains at the deserted street, then closed them again with a jerk. He turned around to face Narcissa, frowning.It so happens that I know of the plan, he said in a low voice. I am one of the few the Dark Lord has told. Nevertheless, had I not been in on the secret, Narcissa, you would have been guilty of great treachery to the Dark Lord.I thought you must know about it! said Narcissa, breathing more freely. He trusts you so, Severus. ...You know about the plan? said Bellatrix, her fleeting expression of satisfaction replaced by a look of outrage. You know?Certainly, said Snape. But what help do you require, Nar-cissa? If you are imagining I can persuade the Dark Lord to change his mind, I am afraid there is no hope, none at all.Severus, she whispered, tears sliding down her pale cheeks. My son . . . my only son . . .Draco should be proud, said Bellatrix indifferently. The Dark Lord is granting him a great honor. And I will say this for Draco: he isn't shrinking away from his duty, he seems glad of a chance to prove himself, excited at the prospect Narcissa began to cry in earnest, gazing beseechingly all the while at Snape.That's because he is sixteen and has no idea what lies in store! Why, Severus? Why my son? It is too dangerous! This is vengeance lor Lucius's mistake, I know it!Snape said nothing. He looked away from the sight of her tears as though they were indecent, but he could not pretend not to hear her.That's why he's chosen Draco, isn't it? she persisted. To punish Lucius?If Draco succeeds, said Snape, still looking away from her, he will be honored above all others.But he won't succeed! sobbed Narcissa. How can he, when the Dark Lord himself ?Bellatrix gasped	 Narcissa seemed to lose her nerve.I only meant. . . that nobody has yet succeeded. . . . Severus . . . please . . . You are, you have always been, Draco's favorite teacher. . . . You are Lucius's old friend. ... I beg you. .. . You are the Dark Lord's favorite, his most trusted advisor. . . . Will you speak to him, persuade him  ?The Dark Lord will not be persuaded, and I am not stupid enough to attempt it, said Snape flatly. I cannot pretend that the Dark Lord is not angry with Lucius. Lucius was supposed to be in charge. He got himself captured, along with how many others, and failed to retrieve the prophecy into the bargain. Yes, the Dark Lord is angry, Narcissa, very angry indeed.Then I am right, he has chosen Draco in revenge! choked Narcissa. He does not mean him to succeed, he wants him to be killed trying!When Snape said nothing, Narcissa seemed to lose what little self-restraint she still possessed. Standing up, she staggered to Snape and seized the front of his robes. Her face close to his, her tears falling onto his chest, she gasped, You could do it. You could do it instead of Draco, Severus. You would succeed, of course you would, and he would reward you beyond all of us Snape caught hold of her wrists and removed her clutching hands. Looking down into her tearstained face, he said slowly, He intends me to do it in the end, I think. But he is determined that Draco should try first. You see, in the unlikely event that Draco succeeds, I shall be able to remain at Hogwarts a little longer, fulfilling my useful role as spy.In other words, it doesn't matter to him if Draco is killed!The Dark Lord is very angry, repeated Snape quietly. He failed to hear the prophecy. You know as well as I do, Narcissa, that he does not forgive easily.She crumpled, falling at his feet, sobbing and moaning on the floor.My only son . . . my only son . . .You should be proud! said Bellatrix ruthlessly. If I had sons, I would be glad to give them up to the service of the Dark Lord!Narcissa gave a little scream of despair and clutched at her long blonde hair. Snape stooped, seized her by the arms, lifted her up, and steered her back onto the sofa. He then poured her more wine and forced the glass into her hand.Narcissa, that's enough. Drink this. Listen to me.She quieted a little	 slopping wine down herself, she took a shaky sip.It might be possible ... for me to help Draco.She sat up, her face paper-white, her eyes huge.Severus  oh, Severus  you would help him? Would you look after him, see he comes to no harm?I can try.She flung away her glass
Half-Blood Prince=Harry Potter was snoring loudly. He had been sitting in a chair beside his bedroom window for the best part of four hours, staring out at the darkening street, and had finally fallen asleep with one side of his face pressed against the cold windowpane, his glasses askew and his mouth wide open. The misty fug his breath had left on the window sparkled in the orange glare of the streetlamp outside, and the artificial light drained his face of all color, so that he looked ghostly beneath his shock of untidy black hair.The room was strewn with various possessions and a good smattering of rubbish. Owl feathers, apple cores, and sweet wrappers littered the floor, a number of spellbooks lay higgledy-piggledy among the tangled robes on his bed, and a mess of newspapers sat in a puddle of light on his desk. The headline of one blared:HARRY POTTER: THE CHOSEN ONE?Rumors continue to fly about the mysterious recent disturbance at the Ministry of Magic, during which He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named was sighted once more.We're not allowed to talk about it, don't ask me anything said one agitated Obliviator, who refused to give his name as he left the Ministry last night.Nevertheless, highly placed sources within the Ministry have confirmed that the disturbance centered on the fabled Hall of Prophecy.Though Ministry spokes wizards have hitherto refused even to confirm the existence of such a place, a growing number of the Wizarding community believe that the Death Eaters now serving sentences in Azkaban for trespass and attempted theft were attempting to steal a prophecy. The nature of that prophecy is unknown, although speculation is rife that it concerns Harry Potter, the only person ever known to have survived the Killing Curse, and who is also known to have been at the Ministry on the night in question. Some are going so far as to call Potter the Chosen One, believing that the prophecy names him as the only one who will be able to rid us of He-Who-Must-No t-Be-Named.The current whereabouts of the prophecy, if it exists, are unknown, although (ctd. page2, column 5)A second newspaper lay beside die first. This one bore die headline:SCRIMGEOUR SUCCEEDS FUDGEMost of this front page was taken up with a large black-and-white picture of a man with a lionlike mane of thick hair and a rather ravaged face. The picture was moving  the man was waving at the ceiling.Rufus Scrimgeour, previously Head of the Auror office in the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, has succeeded Cornelius Fudge as Minister of Magic. The appointment has largely been greeted with enthusiasm by the Wizarding community, though rumors of a rift between the new Minister and Albus Dumbledore, newly reinstated Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot, surfaced within hours of Scrimgeour taking office.Scrimgeours representatives admitted that he had met with Dumbledore at once upon taking possession of the top job, but refused to comment on the topics under discussion. Albus Dumbledore is known to (ctd. page 3, column 2)To the left of this paper sat another, which had been folded so that a story bearing the title ministry guarantees students' sapety was visible.Newly appointed Minister of Magic, Rufus Scrimgeour, spoke today of the tough new measures taken by his Ministry to ensure the safety of students returning to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry this autumn.For obvious reasons, the Ministry will not be going into detail about its stringent new security plans, said the Minister, although an insider confirmed that measures include defensive spells and charms, a complex array of countercurses, and a small task force of Aurors dedicated solely to the protection of Hogwarts School.Most seem reassured by the new Minister's tough stand on student safety. Said Mrs. Augusta Longbottom, My grandson, Neville  a good friend of Harry Potter's, incidentally, who fought the Death Eaters alongside him at the Ministry in June and But the rest of this story was obscured by the large birdcage .standing on top of it. Inside it was a magnificent snowy owl. Her amber eyes surveyed the room imperiously, her head swiveling occasionally to gaze at her snoring master. Once or twice she clicked her beak impatiently, but Harry was too deeply asleep to hear her.A large trunk stood in the very middle of the room. Its lid was open	 it looked expectant	 yet it was almost empty but for a residue of old underwear, sweets, empty ink bottles, and broken quills that coated the very bottom. Nearby, on the floor, lay a purple leaflet emblazoned with the words:----ISSUED ON BEHALF OF----The Ministry of MagicPROTECTING YOUR HOME AND FAMILY AGAINST DARK FORCESThe Wizarding community is currently under threat from an organization calling itself the Death Eaters. Observing the following simple security guidelines will help protect you, your family, and your home from attack.1. You are advised not to leave the house alone.2. Particular care should be taken during the hours of darkness. Wherever possible, arrange to complete journeys before night has fallen.3. Review the security arrangements around your house, making sure that all family members are aware of emergency measures such as Shield and Disillusionment Charms, and, in the case of underage family members, Side-Along-Apparition.4. Agree on security questions with close friends and family so as to detect Death Eaters masquerading as others by use of the Polyjuice Potion (see page 2).5. Should you feel that a family member, colleague, friend, or neighbor is acting in a strange manner, contact the Magical Law Enforcement Squad at once. They may have been put under the Imperius Curse (see page 4).6. Should the Dark Mark appear over any dwelling place or other building, DO NOT ENTER, but contact the Auror office immediately.7. Unconfirmed sightings suggest that the Death Eaters may now be using Inferi (see page 10). Any sighting of an Inferius, or encounter with same, should be reported to the Ministry IMMEDIATELY.Harry grunted in his sleep and his face slid down the window an inch or so, making his glasses still more lopsided, but he did not wake up. An alarm clock, repaired by Harry several years ago, ticked loudly on the sill, showing one minute to eleven. Beside it, held in place by Harry's relaxed hand, was a piece of parchment covered in thin, slanting writing. Harry had read this letter so often since its arrival three days ago that although it had been delivered in a tightly furled scroll, it now lay quite flat.Dear Harry,If it is convenient to you, I shall call at number four, Privet Drive this coming Friday at eleven p.m. to escort you to the Burrow, where you have been invited to spend the remainder of your school holidays.If you are agreeable, I should also be glad of your assistance in a matter to which I hope to attend on the way to the . Burrow. I shall explain this more fully when I see you.Kindly send your answer by return of this owl. Hoping to see you this Friday,I am, yours most sincerely,Albus DumbledoreThough he already knew it by heart, Harry had been stealing glances at this missive every few minutes since seven o'clock that evening, when he had first taken up his position beside his bedroom window, which had a reasonable view of both ends of Privet Drive. He knew it was pointless to keep rereading Dumbledore's words	 Harry had sent back his yes with the delivering owl, as requested, and all he could do now was wait: Either Dumbledore was going to come, or he was not.But Harry had not packed. It just seemed too good to be true that he was going to be rescued from the Dursleys after a mere fortnight of their company. He could not shrug off the feeling that something was going to go wrong  his reply to Dumbledore's letter might have gone astray	 Dumbledore could be prevented from collecting him	 the letter might turn out not to be from Dumbledore at all, but a trick or joke or trap. Harry had not been able to face packing and then being let down and having to unpack again. The only gesture he had made to the possibility of a journey was to shut his snowy owl, Hedwig, safely in her cage.The minute hand on the alarm clock reached the number twelve and, at that precise moment, the street-lamp outside the window went out.Harry awoke as though the sudden darkness were an alarm. Hastily straightening his glasses and unsticking his cheek from the glass, he pressed his nose against the window instead and squinted down at the pavement. A tall figure in a long, billowing cloak was walking up the garden path.Harry jumped up as though he had received an electric shock, knocked over his chair, and started snatching anything and everything within reach from the floor and throwing it into the trunk. Even as he lobbed a set of robes, two spellbooks, and a packet of crisps across the room, the doorbell rang. Downstairs in the living room his Uncle Vernon shouted, Who the blazes is calling at this lime of night?Harry froze with a brass telescope in one hand and a pair of trainers in the other. He had completely forgotten to warn the Dursleys that Dumbledore might be coming. Feeling both panicky mid close to laughter, he clambered over the trunk and wrenched open his bedroom door in time to hear a deep voice say, Good evening. You must be Mr. Dursley. I daresay Harry has told you I would be coming for him?Harry ran down the stairs two at a time, coming to an abrupt halt several steps from the bottom, as long experience had taught him to remain out of arm's reach of his uncle whenever possible. There in the doorway stood a tall, thin man with waist-length silver hair and beard. Half-moon spectacles were perched on his crooked nose, and he was wearing a long black traveling cloak and .1 pointed hat. Vernon Dursley, whose mustache was quite as bushy as Dumbledore's, though black, and who was wearing a puce dressing gown, was staring at the visitor as though he could not believe his tiny eyes.Judging by your look of stunned disbelief, Harry did not warn you that I was coming, said Dumbledore pleasantly. However, let us assume that you have invited me warmly into your house. It is unwise to linger overlong on doorsteps in these troubled times.He stepped smartly over the threshold and closed the front door behind him.It is a long time since my last visit, said Dumbledore, peering down his crooked nose at Uncle Vernon. I must say, your agapanthus are flourishing.Vernon Dursley said nothing at all. Harry did not doubt that speech would return to him, and soon  the vein pulsing in his uncles temple was reaching danger point  but something about Dumbledore seemed to have robbed him temporarily of breath. It might have been the blatant wizardishness of his appearance, but it might, too, have been that even Uncle Vernon could sense that here was a man whom it would be very difficult to bully.Ah, good evening Harry, said Dumbledore, looking up at him through his half-moon glasses with a most satisfied expression. Excellent, excellent.These words seemed to rouse Uncle Vernon. It was clear that as far as he was concerned, any man who could look at Harry and say excellent was a man with whom he could never see eye to eye.I don't mean to be rude  he began, in a tone that threatened rudeness in every syllable.--yet, sadly, accidental rudeness occurs alarmingly often, Dumbledore finished the sentence gravely. Best to say nothing at all, my dear man. Ah, and this must be Petunia.The kitchen door had opened, and there stood Harry's aunt, wearing rubber gloves and a housecoat over her nightdress, clearly halfway through her usual pre-bedtime wipe-down of all the kitchen surfaces. Her rather horsey face registered nothing but shock.Albus Dumbledore, said Dumbledore, when Uncle Vernon failed to effect an introduction. We have corresponded, of course. Harry thought this an odd way of reminding Aunt Petunia that he had once sent her an exploding letter, but Aunt Petunia did not challenge the term. And this must be your son, Dudley?Dudley had that moment peered round the living room door. His large, blond head rising out of the stripy collar of his pajamas looked oddly disembodied, his mouth gaping in astonishment and I car. Dumbledore waited a moment or two, apparently to see whether any of the Dursleys were going to say anything, but as the ?.ilcncc stretched on he smiled.Shall we assume that you have invited me into your sitting room?Dudley scrambled out of the way as Dumbledore passed him. Harry, still clutching the telescope and trainers, jumped the last few stairs and followed Dumbledore, who had settled himself in the armchair nearest the fire and was taking in the surroundings with an expression of benign interest. He looked quite extraordinarily out of place.Aren't - aren't we leaving, sir? Harry asked anxiously.Yes, indeed we are, but there are a few matters we need to discuss first, said Dumbledore. And I would prefer not to do so in the open. We shall trespass upon your aunt and uncle's hospitality only a little longer.You will, will you?Vernon Dursley had entered the room, Petunia at his shoulder, and Dudley skulking behind them both.Yes, said Dumbledore simply, I shall.He drew his wand so rapidly that Harry barely saw it	 with a casual flick, the sofa zoomed forward and knocked the knees out from under all three of the Dursleys so that they collapsed upon it in a heap. Another flick of the wand and the sofa zoomed back to its original position.We may as well be comfortable, said Dumbledore pleasantly.As he replaced his wand in his pocket, Harry saw that his hand was blackened and shriveled	 it looked as though his flesh had been burned away.Sir  what happened to your  ?Later, Harry, said Dumbledore. Please sit down.Harry took the remaining armchair, choosing not to look at the Dursleys, who seemed stunned into silence.I would assume that you were going to offer me refreshment, Dumbledore said to Uncle Vernon, but the evidence so far suggests that that would be optimistic to the point of foolishness.A third twitch of the wand, and a dusty bottle and five glasses appeared in midair. The bottle tipped and poured a generous measure of honey-colored liquid into each of the glasses, which then floated to each person in the room.Madam Rosmertas finest oak-matured mead, said Dumbledore, raising his glass to Harry, who caught hold of his own and sipped. He had never tasted anything like it before, but enjoyed it immensely. The Dursleys, after quick, scared looks at one another, tried to ignore their glasses completely, a difficult feat, as they were nudging them gently on the sides of their heads. Harry could not suppress a suspicion that Dumbledore was rather enjoying himself.Well, Harry, said Dumbledore, turning toward him, a difficulty has arisen which I hope you will be able to solve for us. By us, I mean the Order of the Phoenix. But first of all I must tell you that Sirius's will was discovered a week ago and that he left you everything he owned.Over on the sofa, Uncle Vernons head turned, but Harry did not look at him, nor could he think of anything to say except, Oh. Right.This is, in the main, fairly straightforward, Dumbledore went on. You add a reasonable amount of gold to your account at Gringotts, and you inherit all of Sirius's personal possessions. The slightly problematic part of the legacy His godfather's dead? said Uncle Vernon loudly from the sofa. Dumbledore and Harry both turned to look at him. The glass of mead was now knocking quite insistently on the side of Vernons head	 he attempted to beat it away. He's dead? His godfather?Yes, said Dumbledore. He did not ask Harry why he had not confided in the Dursleys. Our problem, he continued to Harry, as if there had been no interruption, is that Sirius also left you number twelve, Grimmauld Place.He's been left a house? said Uncle Vernon greedily, his small eyes narrowing, but nobody answered him.You can keep using it as headquarters, said Harry. I don't care. You can have it, I don't really want it. Harry never wanted to set foot in number twelve, Grimmauld Place again if he could help it. He thought he would be haunted forever by the memory of Sirius prowling its dark musty rooms alone, imprisoned within the place he had wanted so desperately to leave.That is generous, said Dumbledore. We have, however, vacated the building temporarily.Why?Well, said Dumbledore, ignoring the mutterings of Uncle Vernon, who was now being rapped smartly over the head by the persistent glass of mead, Black family tradition decreed that the house was handed down the direct line, to the next male with the name of 'Black.' Sirius was the very last of the line as his younger brother, Regulus, predeceased him and both were childless. While his will makes it perfectly plain that he wants you to have the house, it is nevertheless possible that some spell or enchantment has been set upon the place to ensure that it cannot be owned by anyone other than a pureblood.A vivid image of the shrieking, spitting portrait of Sirius's mother that hung in the hall of number twelve, Grimmauld Place flashed into Harry's mind. I bet there has, he said.Quite, said Dumbledore. And if such an enchantment exists, then the ownership of the house is most likely to pass to the eldest of Sirius's living relatives, which would mean his cousin, Bellatrix Lestrange.Without realizing what he was doing, Harry sprang to his feet	 the telescope and trainers in his lap rolled across the floor. Bellatrix Lestrange, Sirius's killer, inherit his house?No, he said.Well, obviously we would prefer that she didn't get it either, said Dumbledore calmly. The situation is fraught with complications. We do not know whether the enchantments we ourselves have placed upon it, for example, making it Unplottable, will hold now that ownership has passed from Sirius's hands. It might be that Bellatrix will arrive on the doorstep at any moment. Naturally we had to move out until such time as we have clarified the position,But how are you going to find out if I'm allowed to own it?Fortunately, said Dumbledore, there is a simple test.He placed his empty glass on a small table beside his chair, but before he could do anything else, Uncle Vernon shouted, Will you get these ruddy things off us?Harry looked around	 all three of the Dursleys were cowering with their arms over their heads as their glasses bounced up and down on their skulls, their contents flying everywhere.Oh, I'm so sorry, said Dumbledore politely, and he raised his wand again. -All three glasses vanished. But it would have been better manners to drink it, you know.It looked as though Uncle Vernon was bursting with any number of unpleasant retorts, but he merely shrank back into the cushions with Aunt Petunia and Dudley and said nothing, keeping his small piggy eyes on Dumbledore's wand.You see, Dumbledore said, turning back to Harry and again speaking as though Uncle Vernon had not uttered, if you have indeed inherited the house, you have also inherited He flicked his wand for a fifth time. There was a loud crack, and a house-elf appeared, with a snout for a nose, giant bat's ears, and enormous bloodshot eyes, crouching on the Dursleys' shag carpet and covered in grimy rags. Aunt Petunia let out a hair-raising shriek	 nothing this filthy had entered her house in living memory. Dudley drew his large, bare, pink feet off the floor and sat with them raised almost above his head, as though he thought the creature might run up his pajama trousers, and Uncle Vernon bellowed, What the hell is that?Kreacher, finished Dumbledore.Kreacher wont, Kreacher won't, Kreacher wont! croaked the house-elf, quite as loudly as Uncle Vernon, stamping his long, gnarled feet and pulling his ears. K readier belongs to Miss Bellatrix, oh yes, Kreacher belongs to the Blacks, Kreacher wants his new mistress, Kreacher won't go to the Potter brat, Kreacher won't, won't, wont As you can see, Harry, said Dumbledore loudly, over Kreacher's continued croaks of wont, won't, won't, Kreacher is showing a certain reluctance to pass into your ownership.I don't care, said Harry again, looking with disgust at the writhing, stamping house-elf. I don't want him.Won't, wont, won't, won't You would prefer him to pass into the ownership of Bellatrix Lestrange? Bearing in mind that he has lived at the headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix for the past year?Won't, won't, wont, won't Harry stared at Dumbledore. He knew that Kreacher could not be permitted to go and live with Bellatrix Lestrange, but the idea of owning him, of having responsibility for the creature that had betrayed Sirius, was repugnant.Give him an order, said Dumbledore. If he has passed into your ownership, he will have to obey. If not, then we shall have to think of some other means of keeping him from his rightful mistress.Won't, won't, wont, WON'T!Kreacher's voice had risen to a scream. Harry could think of nothing to say, except, Kreacher, shut up!It looked for a moment as though Kreacher was going to choke. He grabbed his throat, his mouth still working furiously, his eyes bulging. After a few seconds of frantic gulping, he threw himself face forward onto the carpet (Aunt Petunia whimpered) and beat the floor with his hands and feet, giving himself over to a violent, but entirely silent, tantrum.Well, that simplifies matters, said Dumbledore cheerfully. It seems that Sirius knew what he was doing. You are the rightful owner of number twelve, Grimmauld Place and of Kreacher.Do I  do I have to keep him with me? Harry asked, aghast, us Kreacher thrashed around at his feet.Not if you don't want to, said Dumbledore. If I might make ii suggestion, you could send him to Hogwarts to work in the kitchen there. In that way, the other house-elves could keep an eye on him.Yeah, said Harry in relief, yeah, I'll do that. Er  Kreacher  I want you to go to Hogwarts and work in the kitchens there with the other house-elves.Kreacher, who was now lying flat on his back with his arms and legs in the air, gave Harry one upside-down look of deepest loathing and, with another loud crack, vanished.Good, said Dumbledore. There is also the matter of the hip-pogriff, Buckbeak. Hagrid has been looking after him since Sirius died, but Buckbeak is yours now, so if you would prefer to make different arrangements No, said Harry at once, he can stay with Hagrid. I think Buckbeak would prefer that.Hagrid will be delighted, said Dumbledore, smiling. He was thrilled to see Buckbeak again. Incidentally, we have decided, in the interests of Buckbeak's safety, to rechristen him 'Witherwings' for the time being, though I doubt that the Ministry would ever guess he is the hippogriff they once sentenced to death. Now, Harry, is your trunk packed?Erm . ..Doubtful that I would turn up? Dumbledore suggested shrewdly.I'll just go and  er  finish off, said Harry hastily, hurrying to pick up his fallen telescope and trainers.It took him a little over ten minutes to track down everything he needed	 at last he had managed to extract his Invisibility Cloak from under the bed, screwed the top back on his jar of color-change ink, and forced the lid of his trunk shut on his cauldron. Then, heaving his trunk in one hand and holding Hedwig's cage in the other, he made his way back downstairs,He was disappointed to discover that Dumbledore was not waiting in the hall, which meant that he had to return to the living room.Nobody was talking. Dumbledore was humming quietly, apparently quite at his ease, but the atmosphere was thicker than cold custard, and Harry did not dare look at the Dursleys as he said, Professor  I'm ready now.Good, said Dumbledore. Just one last thing, then. And he turned to speak to the Dursleys once more.As you will no doubt be aware, Harry comes of age in a years time No, said Aunt Petunia, speaking for the first time since Dumbledore's arrival.I'm sorry? said Dumbledore politely.No, he doesn't. He's a month younger than Dudley, and Dudders doesn't turn eighteen until the year after next.Ah, said Dumbledore pleasantly, but in the Wizarding world, we come of age at seventeen.Uncle Vernon muttered, Preposterous, but Dumbledore ignored him,Now, as you already know, the wizard called Lord Voldemort Was returned to this country. The Wizarding community is currently in a state of open warfare. Harry, whom Lord Voldemort has already attempted to kill on a number of occasions, is in even greater danger now than the day when I left him upon your doorstep fifteen years ago, with a letter explaining about his parents' murder and expressing the hope that you would care for him 	is though he were your own.Dumbledore paused, and although his voice remained light and calm, and he gave no obvious sign of anger, Harry felt a kind of chill emanating from him and noticed that the Dursleys drew very slightly closer together.You did not do as I asked. You have never treated Harry as a son. He has known nothing but neglect and often cruelty at your hands. The best that can be said is that he has at least escaped the appalling damage you have inflicted upon the unfortunate boy sitting between you.Both Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon looked around instinctively, as though expecting to see someone other than Dudley squeezed between them.Us  mistreat Dudders? What d'you  ? began Uncle Vernon furiously, but Dumbledore raised his ringer for silence, a silence which fell as though he had struck Uncle Vernon dumb.The magic I evoked fifteen years ago means that Harry has powerful protection while he can still call this house 'home.' However miserable he has been here, however unwelcome, however badly treated, you have at least, grudgingly, allowed him houseroom. This magic will cease to operate the moment that Harry turns seventeen
Half-Blood Prince=Despite the fact that he had spent every waking moment of the past few days hoping desperately that Dumbledore would indeed come to fetch him, Harry felt distinctly awkward as 11 u-y set off down Privet Drive together. He had never had a proper conversation with the headmaster outside of Hogwarts before	 there was usually a desk between them. The memory of their last face-to-face encounter kept intruding too, and it rather heightened Harry's sense of embarrassment	 he had shouted a lot on that occasion, not to mention done his best to smash several of Dumbledore's most prized possessions.Dumbledore, however, seemed completely relaxed.Keep your wand at the ready, Harry, he said brightly.But I thought I'm not allowed to use magic outside school, sir?If there is an attack, said Dumbledore, I give you permission to use any counterjinx or curse that might occur to you. However, I do not think you need worry about being attacked tonight.Why not, sir?You are with me, said Dumbledore simply. This will do, Harry.He came to an abrupt halt at the end of Privet Drive.You have not, of course, passed your Apparition Test, he said.No, said Harry. I thought you had to be seventeen?You do, said Dumbledore. So you will need to hold on to my arm very tightly. My left, if you don't mind  as you have noticed, my wand arm is a little fragile at the moment.Harry gripped Dumbledores proffered forearm.Very good, said Dumbledore. Well, here we go.Harry felt Dumbledores arm twist away from him and redoubled his grip	 the next thing he knew, everything went black	 he was being pressed very hard from all directions	 he could not breathe, there were iron bands tightening around his chest	 his eyeballs were being forced back into his head	 his eardrums were being pushed deeper into his skull and then -He gulped great lungfuls of cold night air and opened his streaming eyes. He felt as though he had just been forced through a very tight rubber tube. It was a few seconds before he realized that Privet Drive had vanished. He and Dumbledore were now standing in what appeared to be a deserted village square, in the center of which stood an old war memorial and a few benches. His comprehension catching up with his senses, Harry realized that he had just Apparated for the first time in his life.Are you all right? asked Dumbledore, looking down at him solicitously. The sensation does take some getting used to.I'm fine, said Harry, rubbing his ears, which felt as though they had left Privet Drive rather reluctantly. But I think I might prefer brooms. . . .Dumbledore smiled, drew his traveling cloak a little more lightly around his neck, and said, This way.He set off at a brisk pace, past an empty inn and a few houses. According to a clock on a nearby church, it was almost midnight.So tell me, Harry, said Dumbledore. Your scar ... has it been hurting at all?Harry raised a hand unconsciously to his forehead and rubbed i he lightning-shaped mark.No, he said, and I've been wondering about that. I thought it would be burning all the time now Voldemort's getting so powerful again.He glanced up at Dumbledore and saw that he was wearing a satisfied expression.I, on the other hand, thought otherwise, said Dumbledore. Lord Voldemort has finally realized the dangerous access to his thoughts and feelings you have been enjoying. It appears that he is now employing Occlumency against you.Well, I'm not complaining, said Harry, who missed neither the disturbing dreams nor the startling flashes of insight into Voldemort's mind.They turned a corner, passing a telephone box and a bus shelter. Harry looked sideways at Dumbledore again. Professor?Harry?Er  where exactly are we?This, Harry, is the charming village of Budleigh Babberton.And what are we doing here?Ah yes, of course, I haven't told you, said Dumbledore. Well, I have lost count of the number of times I have said this in recent years, but we are, once again, one member of staff short. We are here to persuade an old colleague of mine to come out of retirement and return to Hogwarts.How can I help with that, sir? |Oh, I think we'll find a use for you, said Dumbledore vaguely. Left here, Harry.They proceeded up a steep, narrow street lined with houses. All the windows were dark. The odd chill that had lain over Privet Drive for two weeks persisted here too. Thinking of dementors, Harry cast a look over his shoulder and grasped his wand reassuringly in his pocket.Professor, why couldn't we just Apparate directly into your old colleague's house?Because it would be quite as rude as kicking down the front door, said Dumbledore. Courtesy dictates that we offer fellow wizards the opportunity of denying us entry. In any case, most Wizarding dwellings are magically protected from unwanted Apparators. At Hogwarts, for instance  you can't Apparate anywhere inside the buildings or grounds, said Harry quickly. Hermione Granger told me.And she is quite right. We turn left again.The church clock chimed midnight behind them. Harry wondered why Dumbledore did not consider it rude to call on his old colleague so late, but now that conversation had been established, he had more pressing questions to ask.Sir, I saw in the Daily Prophet that Fudge has been sacked. . . .Correct, said Dumbledore, now turning up a steep side street. He has been replaced, as I am sure you also saw, by Rufus Scrimgeour, who used to be Head of the Auror office.Is he ... Do you think he's good? asked Harry.An interesting question, said Dumbledore. He is able, certainly. A more decisive and forceful personality than Cornelius.Yes, but I meant I know what you meant. Rufus is a man of action and, having fought Dark wizards for most of his working life, does not under-estimate Lord Voldemort.Harry waited, but Dumbledore did not say anything about the disagreement with Scrimgeour that the Daily Prophet had reported, and he did not have the nerve to pursue the subject, so he changed ii. And ... sir ... I saw about Madam Bones.Yes, said Dumbledore quietly. A terrible loss. She was a great witch. Just up here, I think  ouch.He had pointed with his injured hand.Professor, what happened to your  ?I have no time to explain now, said Dumbledore. It is a thrilling tale, I wish to do it justice.He smiled at Harry, who understood that he was not being snubbed, and that he had permission to keep asking questions.Sir  I got a Ministry of Magic leaflet by owl, about security measures we should all take against the Death Eaters. . . .Yes, I received one myself, said Dumbledore, still smiling. Did you find it useful?Not really.No, I thought not. You have not asked me, for instance, what is my favorite flavor of jam, to check that I am indeed Professor Dumbledore and not an impostor.I didn't. . . Harry began, not entirely sure whether he was being reprimanded or not.For future reference, Harry, it is raspberry. . . although of course, if I were a Death Eater, I would have been sure to research my own jam preferences before impersonating myself.Er. . . right, said Harry. Well, on that leaflet, it said something about Inferi. What exactly are they? The leaflet wasn't very clear.They are corpses, said Dumbledore calmly. Dead bodies that have been bewitched to do a Dark wizard's bidding. Inferi have not been seen for a long time, however, not since Voldemort was last powerful. . . . He killed enough people to make an army of them, of course. This is the place, Harry, just here. . . .They were nearing a small, neat stone house set in its own garden. Harry was too busy digesting the horrible idea of Inferi to have much attention left for anything else, but as they reached the front gate, Dumbledore stopped dead and Harry walked into him.Oh dear. Oh dear, dear, dear.Harry followed his gaze up the carefully tended front path and felt his heart sink. The front door was hanging off its hinges.Dumbledore glanced up and down the street. It seemed quite deserted.Wand out and follow me, Harry, he said quietly.He opened the gate and walked swiftly and silently up the garden path, Harry at his heels, then pushed the front door very slowly, his wand raised and at the ready.Lumos.Dumbledore's wand tip ignited, casting its light up a narrow hallway. To the left, another door stood open. Holding his illuminated wand aloft, Dumbledore walked into the sitting room with Harry right behind him.A scene of total devastation met their eyes. A grandfather clock lay splintered at their feet, its face cracked, its pendulum lying a little farther away like a dropped sword. A piano was on its side, its keys strewn across the floor. The wreckage of a fallen chandelier flittered nearby. Cushions lay deflated, feathers oozing from slashes in their sides	 fragments of glass and china lay like powder over everything. Dumbledore raised his wand even higher, so that its light was thrown upon the walls, where something darkly red and glutinous was spattered over the wallpaper. Harry's small intake of breath made Dumbledore look around.Not pretty, is it? he said heavily. Yes, something horrible has happened here.Dumbledore moved carefully into the middle of the room, scrutinizing the wreckage at his feet. Harry followed, gazing around, half-scared of what he might see hidden behind the wreck of the piano or the overturned sofa, but there was no sign of a body.Maybe there was a fight and  and they dragged him off, Professor? Harry suggested, trying not to imagine how badly wounded a man would have to be to leave those stains spattered halfway up the walls.I don't think so, said Dumbledore quietly, peering behind an overstuffed armchair lying on its side.You mean he's  ?Still here somewhere? Yes.And without warning, Dumbledore swooped, plunging the tip of his wand into the seat of the overstuffed armchair, which yelled, Ouch!Good evening, Horace, said Dumbledore, straightening up again.Harrys jaw dropped. Where a split second before there had been an armchair, there now crouched an enormously fat, bald, old man who was massaging his lower belly and squinting up at Dumbledore with an aggrieved and watery eye.There was no need to stick the wand in that hard, he said gruffly, clambering to his feet. It hurt.The wandlight sparkled on his shiny pate, his prominent eyes, his enormous, silver, walruslike mustache, and the highly polished buttons on the maroon velvet jacket he was wearing over a pair of lilac silk pajamas. The top of his head barely reached Dumbledore's chin.What gave it away? he grunted as he staggered to his feet, still rubbing his lower belly. He seemed remarkably unabashed for a man who had just been discovered pretending to be an armchair.My dear Horace, said Dumbledore, looking amused, if the Death Eaters really had come to call, the Dark Mark would have been set over the house.The wizard clapped a pudgy hand to his vast forehead.The Dark Mark, he muttered. Knew there was something ... ah well. Wouldn't have had time anyway, I'd only just put the finishing touches to my upholstery when you entered the room.He heaved a great sigh that made the ends of his mustache flutter.Would you like my assistance clearing up? asked Dumbledore politely.Please, said the other.They stood back to back, the tall thin wizard and the short round one, and waved their wands in one identical sweeping motion.The furniture flew back to its original places	 ornaments reformed in midair, feathers zoomed into their cushions	 torn books repaired themselves as they landed upon their shelves	 oil lanterns soared onto side tables and reignited	 a vast collection of splintered silver picture frames flew glittering across the room and alighted, whole and untarnished, upon a desk	 rips, cracks, and holes healed everywhere, and the walls wiped themselves clean.What kind of blood was that, incidentally? asked Dumbledore loudly over the chiming of the newly unsmashed grandfather flock.On the walls? Dragon, shouted the wizard called Horace, as, with a deafening grinding and tinkling, the chandelier screwed itself back into the ceiling.There was a final plunk from the piano, and silence.Yes, dragon, repeated the wizard conversationally. My last bottle, and prices are sky-high at the moment. Still, it might be reusable.He stumped over to a small crystal bottle standing on top of a sideboard and held it up to the light, examining the thick liquid within.Hmm. Bit dusty.He set the bottle back on the sideboard and sighed. It was then that his gaze fell upon Harry.Oho, he said, his large round eyes flying to Harry's forehead and the lightning-shaped scar it bore. Oho!This, said Dumbledore, moving forward to make the introduction, is Harry Potter. Harry, this is an old Friend and colleague of mine, Horace Slughorn.Slughorn turned on Dumbledore, his expression shrewd. So that's how you thought you'd persuade me, is it? Well, the answer's no, Albus.He pushed past Harry, his face turned resolutely away with the air of a man trying to resist temptation.I suppose we can have a drink, at least? asked Dumbledore. For old time's sake?Slughorn hesitated.All right then, one drink, he said ungraciously.Dumbledore smiled at Harry and directed him toward a chair not unlike the one that Slughorn had so recently impersonated, which stood right beside the newly burning fire and a brightly glowing oil lamp. Harry took the seat with the distinct impression that Dumbledore, for some reason, wanted to keep him as visible as possible. Certainly when Slughorn, who had been busy with decanters and glasses, turned to face the room again, his eyes fell immediately upon Harry.Hmpf, he said, looking away quickly as though frightened of hurting his eyes. Here  He gave a drink to Dumbledore, who had sat down without invitation, thrust the tray at Harry, and then sank into the cushions of the repaired sofa and a disgruntled silence. His legs were so short they did not touch the floor.Well, how have you been keeping, Horace? Dumbledore asked.Not so well, said Slughorn at once. Weak chest. Wheezy. Rheumatism too. Can't move like I used to. Well, that's to be expected. Old age. Fatigue.And yet you must have moved fairly quickly to prepare such a welcome for us at such short notice, said Dumbledore. You can't have had more than three minutes' warning?Slughorn said, half irritably, half proudly, Two. Didn't hear my Intruder Charm go off, I was taking a bath. Still, he added sternly, seeming to pull himself back together again, the fact remains that I'm an old man, Albus. A tired old man who's earned the right to a quiet life and a few creature comforts.He certainly had those, thought Harry, looking around the room. It was stuffy and cluttered, yet nobody could say it was uncomfortable
Half-Blood Prince=Harry and Dumbledore approached the back door of the Burrow, which was surrounded by the familiar litter of old Wellington boots and rusty cauldrons	 Harry could hear the soft clucking of sleepy chickens coming from a distant shed. Dumbledore knocked three times and Harry saw sudden movement behind the kitchen window.Who's there? said a nervous voice he recognized as Mrs. Weasley's. Declare yourself!It is I, Dumbledore, bringing Harry.The door opened at once. There stood Mrs. Weasley, short, plump, and wearing an old green dressing gown.Harry, dear! Gracious, Albus, you gave me a fright, you said not to expect you before morning!We were lucky, said Dumbledore, ushering Harry over the threshold. Slughorn proved much more persuadable than I had expected. Harry's doing, of course. Ah, hello, Nymphadora!Harry looked around and saw that Mrs. Weasley was not alone, despite the lateness of the hour. A young witch with a pale, heart-shaped face and mousy brown hair was sitting at the table clutching a large mug between her hands.Hello, Professor, she said.  Wotcher, Harry.Hi, Tonks.Harry thought she looked drawn, even ill, and there was something forced in her smile. Certainly her appearance was less colorful than usual without her customary shade of bubble-gum-pink hair.I'd better be off, she said quickly, standing up and pulling her cloak around her shoulders. Thanks for the tea and sympathy, MollyPlease don't leave on my account, said Dumbledore courteously, I cannot stay, I have urgent matters to discuss with Rufus Scrimgeour.No, no, I need to get going, said Tonks, not meeting Dumbledore's eyes.  'Night ?quot	Dear, why not come to dinner at the weekend, Remus and Mad-Eye are coming ??No, really, Molly. . . thanks anyway. . . Good night, every-one.Tonks hurried past Dumbledore and Harry into the yard	 a few paces beyond the doorstep, she turned on the spot and vanished into thin air. Harry noticed that Mrs. Weasley looked troubled.Well, I shall see you at Hogwarts, Harry, said Dumbledore. Take care of yourself. Molly, your servant.He made Mrs. Weasley a bow and followed Tonks, vanishing at precisely the same spot. Mrs. Weasley closed the door on the empty yard and then steered Harry by the shoulders into the full glow of -=-ilu* lantern on the table to examine his appearance.You're like Ron, she sighed, looking him up and down. Both of you look as though you've had Stretching jinxes put on you. -=-I Nwcar Ron's grown four inches since I last bought him school robes. Are you hungry, Harry?Yeah, I am, said Harry, suddenly realizing just how hungry he was,Sit down, dear, I'll knock something up.As Harry sat down, a furry ginger cat with a squashed face lumped onto his knees and settled there, purring.So Hermione's here? he asked happily as he tickled Crookshanks behind the ears.Oh yes, she arrived the day before yesterday, said Mrs. Weasley, rapping a large iron pot with her wand. It bounced onto the -=-Itovc with a loud clang and began to bubble at once. Everyone's in bed, of course, we didn't expect you for hours. Here you are ?quot	She tapped the pot again	 it rose into the air, flew toward Harry, and tipped over	 Mrs. Weasley slid a bowl nearly beneath it just in lime to catch the stream of thick, steaming onion soup.Bread, dear?Thanks, Mrs. Weasley.She waved her wand over her shoulder	 a loaf of bread and a knife soared gracefully onto the table	 as the loaf sliced itself and -=-llie soup pot dropped back onto the stove, Mrs. Weasley sat down opposite him.So you persuaded Horace Slughorn to take the job?Harry nodded, his mouth so full of hot soup that he could not speak.He taught Arthur and me, said Mrs. Weasley. He was at Hog-warts for ages, started around the same time as Dumbledore, I think. Did you like him?His mouth now full of bread, Harry shrugged and gave a noncommittal jerk of the head.I know what you mean, said Mrs. Weasley, nodding wisely. Of course he can be charming when he wants to be, but Arthur's never liked him much. The Ministry's littered with Slughorn's old favorites, he was always good at giving leg ups, but he never had much time for Arthur ?didn't seem to think he was enough of a highflier. Well, that just shows you, even Slughorn makes mistakes. I don't know whether Ron's told you in any of his letters ?it's only just happened ?but Arthur's been promoted!It could not have been clearer that Mrs. Weasley had been bursting to say this.Harry swallowed a large amount of very hot soup and thought he could feel his throat blistering. That's great! he gasped.You are sweet, beamed Mrs. Weasley, possibly taking his watering eyes for emotion at the news. Yes, Rufus Scrimgeour has set up several new offices in response to the present situation, and Arthur's heading the Office for the Detection and Confiscation of Counterfeit Defensive Spells and Protective Objects. It's a big job, he's got ten people reporting to him now!What exactly ??Well, you see, in all the panic about You-Know-Who, odd things have been cropping up for sale everywhere, things that are supposed to guard against You-Know-Who and the Death Eaters. You can imagine the kind of thing ?so-called protective potions that are really gravy with a bit of bubotuber pus added, or instructions for defensive jinxes that actually make your ears fall off. . . . Well, in the main the perpetrators are just people like Mundungus Hotelier, who've never done an honest day's work in their lives and are taking advantage of how frightened everybody is, but every now and then something really nasty turns up. The other day Arthur confiscated a box of cursed Sneakoscopes that were almost certainly planted by a Death Eater. So you see, it's a very important job, and I tell him it's just silly to miss dealing with spark plugs and loasters and all the rest of that Muggle rubbish. Mrs. Weasley ended her speech with a stern look, as if it had been Harry suggesting that it was natural to miss spark plugs.Is Mr. Weasley still at work? Harry asked.Yes, he is. As a matter of fact, he's a tiny bit late. ... He said he'd be back around midnight. . . .She turned to look at a large clock that was perched awkwardly on top of a pile of sheets in the washing basket at the end of the table. Harry recognized it at once: It had nine hands, each inscribed with the name of a family member, and usually hung on i he Weasleys' sitting room wall, though its current position suggested that Mrs. Weasley had taken to carrying it around the house with her. Every single one of its nine hands was now pointing at mortal peril.It's been like that for a while now, said Mrs. Weasley, in an un-convincingly casual voice, ever since You-Know-Who came back into the open. I suppose everybody's in mortal danger now. ... I don't think it can be just our family . . . but I don't know anyone else who's got a clock like this, so I can't check. Oh!With a sudden exclamation she pointed at the clock's face. Mr. Weasley's hand had switched to traveling.He's coming!And sure enough, a moment later there was a knock on the back door. Mrs. Weasley jumped up and hurried to it	 with one hand on the doorknob and her face pressed against the wood she called softly, Arthur, is that you?Yes, came Mr. Weasley's weary voice. But I would say that even if I were a Death Eater, dear. Ask the question!Oh, honestly...Molly!All right, all right. . . What is your dearest ambition?To find out how airplanes stay up.Mrs. Weasley nodded and turned the doorknob, but apparently Mr. Weasley was holding tight to it on the other side, because the door remained firmly shut.Molly! I've got to ask you your question first!Arthur, really, this is just silly. ...What do you like me to call you when we're alone together?Even by the dim light of the lantern Harry could tell that Mrs. Weasley had turned bright red	 he himself felt suddenly warm around the ears and neck, and hastily gulped soup, clattering his spoon as loudly as he could against the bowl.-=-Mollywobbles, whispered a mortified Mrs. Weasley into the crack at the edge of the door.Correct, said Mr. Weasley. Now you can let me in.Mrs. Weasley opened the door to reveal her husband, a thin, balding, red-haired wizard wearing horn-rimmed spectacles and a long and dusty traveling cloak.I still don't see why we have to go through that every time you come home, said Mrs. Weasley, still pink in the face as she helped her husband out of his cloak. I mean, a Death Eater might have forced the answer out of you before impersonating you!I know, dear, but it's Ministry procedure, and I have to set an example. Something smells good ?onion soup?Mr. Weasley turned hopefully in the direction of the table.Harry! We didn't expect you until morning!They shook hands, and Mr. Weasley dropped into the chair beside Harry as Mrs. Weasley set a bowl of soup in front of him too.Thanks, Molly. It's been a tough night. Some idiot's started selling Metamorph-Medals. Just sling them around your neck and you'll be able to change your appearance at will. A hundred thousand disguises, all for ten Galleons!And what really happens when you put them on?Mostly you just turn a fairly unpleasant orange color, but a couple of people have also sprouted tentacle like warts all over their bodies. As if St. Mungo's didn't have enough to do already!It sounds like the sort of thing Fred and George would find funny, said Mrs. Weasley hesitantly. Are you sure ??Of course I am! said Mr. Weasley. The boys wouldn't do anything like that now, not when people are desperate for protection!So is that why you're late, Metamorph-Medals?No, we got wind of a nasty backfiring jinx down in Elephant and Castle, but luckily the Magical Law Enforcement Squad had sorted it out by the time we got there. ...Harry stifled a yawn behind his hand.Bed, said an undeceived Mrs. Weasley at once. I've got Fred and George's room all ready for you, you'll have it to yourself.Why, where are they?Oh, they're in Diagon Alley, sleeping in the little flat over their joke shop as they're so busy, said Mrs. Weasley. I must say, I didn't approve at first, but they do seem to have a bit of a flair for business! Come on, dear, your trunks already up there.'Night, Mr. Weasley, said Harry, pushing back his chair. Crookshanks leapt lightly from his lap and slunk out of the room.G'night, Harry, said Mr. Weasley.Harry saw Mrs. Weasley glance at the clock in the washing basket as they left the kitchen. All the hands were once again at mortal peril.Fred and George's bedroom was on the second floor. Mrs. Weasley pointed her wand at a lamp on the bedside table and it ignited at once, bathing the room in a pleasant golden glow. Though a large vase of flowers had been placed on a desk in front of the small window, their perfume could not disguise the lingering smell of what Harry thought was gunpowder. A considerable amount of floor space was devoted to a vast number of unmarked, sealed cardboard boxes, amongst which stood Harry's school trunk. The room looked as though it was being used as a temporary warehouse.Hedwig hooted happily at Harry from her perch on top of a large wardrobe, then took off through the window	 Harry knew she had been waiting to see him before going hunting. Harry bade Mrs. Weasley good night, put on pajamas, and got into one of the beds. There was something hard inside the pillowcase. He groped inside it and pulled out a sticky purple-and-orange sweet, which he recognized as a Puking Pastille. Smiling to himself, he rolled over and was instantly asleep.Seconds later, or so it seemed to Harry, he was awakened by what sounded like cannon fire as the door burst open. Sitting bolt upright, he heard the rasp of the curtains being pulled back: The dazzling sunlight seemed to poke him hard in both eyes. Shielding them with one hand, he groped hopelessly for his glasses with the other.Wuzzgoinon?We didn't know you were here already! said a loud and excited voice, and he received a sharp blow to the top of the head.Ron, don't hit him! said a girl's voice reproachfully.Harry's hand found his glasses and he shoved them on, though I he light was so bright he could hardly see anyway. A long, looming shadow quivered in front of him for a moment	 he blinked and Ron Weasley came into focus, grinning down at him.All right?Never been better, said Harry, rubbing the top of his head and slumping back onto his pillows. You?Not bad, said Ron, pulling over a cardboard box and sitting on it. When did you get here? Mum's only just told us!About one o'clock this morning.Were the Muggles all right? Did they treat you okay?Same as usual, said Harry, as Hermione perched herself on the edge of his bed, they didn't talk to me much, but I like it better that way. How're you, Hermione?Oh, I'm fine, said Hermione, who was scrutinizing Harry as though he was sickening for something. He thought he knew what was behind this, and as he had no wish to discuss Sirius's death or any other miserable subject at the moment, he said, What's the time? Have I missed breakfast?Don't worry about that, Mum's bringing you up a tray	 she reckons you look underfed, said Ron, rolling his eyes. So, what's been going on?Nothing much, I've just been stuck at my aunt and uncle's, haven't I?Come off it! said Ron. You've been off with Dumbledore!It wasn't that exciting. He just wanted me to help him persuade this old teacher to come out of retirement. His name's Horace Slughorn.Oh, said Ron, looking disappointed. We thought ?quot
Half-Blood Prince=Harry remained within the confines of the Burrow's garden over the next few weeks. He spent most of his days playing two-a-side Quidditch in the Weasleys' orchard (he and Hermione against Ron and Ginny	 Hermione was dreadful and Ginny good, so they were reasonably well matched) and his evenings eating triple helpings of everything Mrs. Weasley put in front of him.It would have been a happy, peaceful holiday had it not been for the stones of disappearances, odd accidents, even of deaths now appearing almost daily in the Prophet. Sometimes Bill and Mr. Weasley brought home news before it even reached the paper. To Mrs. Weasleys displeasure, Harry's sixteenth birthday celebrations were marred by grisly tidings brought to the party by Remus Lupin, who was looking gaunt and grim, his brown hair streaked liberally with gray, his clothes more ragged and patched than ever.There have been another couple of dementor attacks, he announced, as Mrs. Weasley passed him a large slice of birthday cake. And they've found Igor Karkaroff's body in a shack up north. The Dark Mark had been set over it  well, frankly, I'm surprised he stayed alive for even a year after deserting the Death Eaters	 Sirius's brother, Regulus, only managed a few days as far as I can remember.Yes, well, said Mrs. Weasley, frowning, perhaps we should talk about something diffDid you hear about Florean Fortescue, Remus? asked Bill, who was being plied with wine by Fleur. The man who ran  the ice-cream place in Diagon Alley? Harry interrupted, with an unpleasant, hollow sensation in the pit of his stomach. He used to give me free ice creams. What's happened to him?Dragged off, by the look of his place.Why? asked Ron, while Mrs. Weasley pointedly glared at Bill.Who knows? He must've upset them somehow. He was a good man, Florean.Talking of Diagon Alley, said Mr. Weasley, looks like Ollivander's gone too.The wandmaker? said Ginny, looking startled.That's the one. Shop's empty. No sign of a struggle. No one knows whether he left voluntarily or was kidnapped.But wands  what'll people do for wands?They'll make do with other makers, said Lupin. But Ollivander was the best, and if the other side have got him it's not so good for us.The day after this rather gloomy birthday tea, their letters and booklists arrived from Hogwarts. Harry's included a surprise: he had been made Quidditch Captain.That gives you equal status with prefects! cried Hermione happily. You can use our special bathroom now and everything!Wow, I remember when Charlie wore one of these, said Ron, examining the badge with glee. Harry, this is so cool, you're my Captain  if you let me back on the team, I suppose, ha ha. . . .Well, I don't suppose we can put off a trip to Diagon Alley much longer now you've got these, sighed Mrs. Weasley, looking down Rons booklist. We'll go on Saturday as long as your father doesn't have to go into work again. I'm not going there without him.Mum, d'you honestly think You-Know-Who's going to be hiding behind a bookshelf in Flourish and Blotts? sniggered Ron.Fortescue and Ollivander went on holiday, did they? said Mrs. Weasley, firing up at once. If you think security's a laughing matter you can stay behind and I'll get your things myselfNo, I wanna come, I want to see Fred and George's shop! said Ron hastily.Then you just buck up your ideas, young man, before I decide you're too immature to come with us! said Mrs. Weasley angrily, snatching up her clock, all nine hands of which were still pointing at mortal peril, and balancing it on top of a pile of just-laundered towels. And that goes for returning to Hogwarts as well!Ron turned to stare incredulously at Harry as his mother hoisted the laundry basket and the teetering clock into her arms and stormed out of the room.Blimey. . . you can't even make a joke round here anymore. . . .But Ron was careful not to be flippant about Voldemort over the next few days. Saturday dawned without any more outbursts from Mrs. Weasley, though she seemed very tense at breakfast. Bill, whowould be staying at home with Fleur (much to Hermione and Ginny's pleasure), passed a full money bag across the table to Harry.Where's mine? demanded Ron at once, his eyes wide.That's already Harry's, idiot, said Bill. I got it out of your vault for you, Harry, because it's taking about five hours for the public to get to their gold at the moment, the goblins have tightened security so much. Two days ago Arkie Philpott had a Probity Probe stuck up his ... Well, trust me, this way's easier.Thanks, Bill, said Harry, pocketing his gold.'E is always so thoughtful, purred Fleur adoringly, stroking Bill's nose. Ginny mimed vomiting into her cereal behind Fleur. Harry choked over his cornflakes, and Ron thumped him on the back.It was an overcast, murky day. One of the special Ministry of Magic cars, in which Harry had ridden once before, was awaiting them in the front yard when they emerged from the house, pulling on their cloaks.It's good Dad can get us these again, said Ron appreciatively, stretching luxuriously as the car moved smoothly away from the Burrow, Bill and Fleur waving from the kitchen window. He, Harry, Hermione, and Ginny were all sitting in roomy comfort in the wide backseat.Don't get used to it, it's only because of Harry, said Mr. Weasley over his shoulder. He and Mrs. Weasley were in front with the Ministry driver	 the front passenger seat had obligingly stretched into what resembled a two-seater sofa. He's been given top-grade security status. And we'll be joining up with additional security at the Leaky Cauldron too.Harry said nothing	 he did not much fancy doing his shoppingwhile surrounded by a battalion of Aurors. He had stowed his Invisibility Cloak in his backpack and felt that, if that was good enough for Dumbledore, it ought to be good enough for the Ministry, though now he came to think of it, he was not sure the Ministry knew about his cloak.Here you are, then, said the driver, a surprisingly short while later, speaking for the first time as he slowed in Charing Cross Road and stopped outside the Leaky Cauldron. I'm to wait for you, any idea how long you'll be?A couple of hours, I expect, said Mr. Weasley. Ah, good, he's here!Harry imitated Mr. Weasley and peered through the window	 his heart leapt. There were no Aurors waiting outside the inn, but instead the gigantic, black-bearded form of Rubeus Hagrid, the Hogwarts gamekeeper, wearing a long beaverskin coat, beaming at the sight of Harry's face and oblivious to the startled stares of passing Muggles.Harry! he boomed, sweeping Harry into a bone-crushing hug the moment Harry had stepped out of the car. Buckbeak  Witherwings, I mean  yeh should see him, Harry, he's so happy ter be back in the open air Glad he's pleased, said Harry, grinning as he massaged his ribs. We didn't know 'security' meant you!I know, jus' like old times, innit? See, the Ministry wanted ter send a bunch o' Aurors, but Dumbledore said I'd do, said Hagrid proudly, throwing out his chest and tucking his thumbs into his pockets. Lets get goin' then  after yeh, Molly, Arthur The Leaky Cauldron was, for the first time in Harry's memory, completely empty. Only Tom the landlord, wizened and toothless,remained of the old crowd. He looked up hopefully as they entered, but before he could speak, Hagrid said importantly, Jus' passin' through today, Tom, sure yeh understand, Hogwarts business, yeh know.Tom nodded gloomily and returned to wiping glasses	 Harry, Hermione, Hagrid, and the Weasleys walked through the bar and out into the chilly little courtyard at the back where the dustbins stood. Hagrid raised his pink umbrella and rapped a certain brick in the wall, which opened at once to form an archway onto a winding cobbled street. They stepped through the entrance and paused, looking around.Diagon Alley had changed. The colorful, glittering window displays of spellbooks, potion ingredients, and cauldrons were lost to view, hidden behind the large Ministry of Magic posters that had been pasted over them. Most of these somber purple posters carried blown-up versions of the security advice on the Ministry pamphlets that had been sent out over the summer, but others bore moving black-and-white photographs of Death Eaters known to be on the loose. Bellatrix Lestrange was sneering from the front of the nearest apothecary. A few windows were boarded up, including those of Florean Fortescue's Ice Cream Parlor. On the other hand, a number of shabby-looking stalls had sprung up along the street. The nearest one, which had been erected outside Flourish and Blotts, under a striped, stained awning, had a cardboard sign pinned to its front:AMULETSEffective Against Werewolves, -=-Dement on, and -=-infer!A seedy-looking little wizard was rattling armfuls of silver symbols on chains at passersby.One for your little girl, madam? he called at Mrs. Weasley as they passed, leering at Ginny. Protect her pretty neck?If I were on duty . . . said Mr. Weasley, glaring angrily at the amulet seller.Yes, but don't go arresting anyone now, dear, we're in a hurry, said Mrs. Weasley, nervously consulting a list. I think we'd better do Madam Malkin's first, Hermione wants new dress robes, and Ron's showing much too much ankle in his school robes, and you must need new ones too, Harry, you've grown so much  come on, everyone Molly, it doesn't make sense for all of us to go to Madam Malkin's, said Mr. Weasley. Why don't those three go with Hagrid, and we can go to Flourish and Blotts and get everyone's school-books?I don't know, said Mrs. Weasley anxiously, clearly torn between a desire to finish the shopping quickly and the wish to stick together in a pack. Hagrid, do you think - ?Don' fret, they'll be fine with me, Molly, said Hagrid soothingly, waving an airy hand the size of a dustbin lid. Mrs. Weasley did not look entirely convinced, but allowed the separation, scurrying off toward Flourish and Blotts with her husband and Ginny while Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Hagrid set off for Madam Malkin's.Harry noticed that many of the people who passed them had the same harried, anxious look as Mrs. Weasley, and that nobody was stopping to talk anymore	 the shoppers stayed together in their own tightly knit groups, moving intently about their business. Nobody seemed to be shopping alone.Migh' be a bit of a squeeze in there with all of us, said Hagrid, stopping outside Madam Malkin's and bending down to peer through the window. I'll stand guard outside, all right?So Harry, Ron, and Hermione entered the little shop together. It appeared, at first glance, to be empty, but no sooner had the door swung shut behind them than they heard a familiar voice issuing from behind a rack of dress robes in spangled green and blue.. . . not a child, in case you haven't noticed, Mother. I am perfectly capable of doing my shopping alone.There was a clucking noise and a voice Harry recognized as that of Madam Malkin, the owner, said, Now, dear, your mother's quite right, none of us is supposed to go wandering around on our own anymore, it's nothing to do with being a child Watch where you're sticking that pin, will you!A teenage boy with a pale, pointed face and white-blond hair appeared from behind the rack, wearing a handsome set of dark green robes that glittered with pins around the hem and the edges of the sleeves. He strode to the mirror and examined himself	 it was a few moments before he noticed Harry, Ron, and Hermione reflected over his shoulder. His light gray eyes narrowed.If you're wondering what the smell is, Mother, a Mudblood just walked in, said Draco Malfoy.I don't think there's any need for language like that! said Madam Malkin, scurrying out from behind the clothes rack holding a tape measure and a wand. And I don't want wands drawn in my shop either! she added hastily, for a glance toward the door had shown her Harry and Ron both standing there with their wands out and pointing at Malfoy. Hermione, who was standing slightly behind them, whispered, No, don't, honestly, it's not worth it. Yeah, like you'd dare do magic out of school, sneered Malfoy. Who blacked your eye, Granger? I want to send them flowers.That's quite enough! said Madam Malkin sharply, looking over her shoulder for support. Madam  please Narcissa Malfoy strolled out from behind the clothes rack.Put those away, she said coldly to Harry and Ron. If you at-tack my son again, I shall ensure that it is the last thing you ever do.Really? said Harry, taking a step forward and gazing into the smoothly arrogant face that, for all its pallor, still resembled her sister's. He was as tall as she was now. Going to get a few Death Eater pals to do us in, are you?Madam Malkin squealed and clutched at her heart.Really, you shouldn't accuse  dangerous thing to say  wands away, please!But Harry did not lower his wand. Narcissa Malfoy smiled unpleasantly.I see that being Dumbledore's favorite has given you a false sense of security, Harry Potter. But Dumbledore won't always be there to protect you.Harry looked mockingly all around the shop. Wow. . . look at that. . . he's not here now! So why not have a go? They might be able to find you a double cell in Azkaban with your loser of a husband!Malfoy made an angry movement toward Harry, but stumbled over his overlong robe. Ron laughed loudly.Don't you dare talk to my mother like that, Potter! Malfoy snarled.It's all right, Draco, said Narcissa, restraining him with her thin white fingers upon his shoulder. I expect Potter will be reunited with dear Sirius before I am reunited with Lucius. 'Harry raised his wand higher.Harry, no! moaned Hermione, grabbing his arm and attempting to push it down by his side. Think. . . . You mustn't. . . . You'll be in such trouble. ...Madam Malkin dithered for a moment on the spot, then seemed to decide to act as though nothing was happening in the hope that it wouldn't. She bent toward Malfoy, who was still glaring at Harry.I think this left sleeve could come up a little bit more, dear, let me just Ouch! bellowed Malfoy, slapping her hand away. Watch where you're putting your pins, woman! Mother  I don't think I want these anymore He pulled the robes over his head and threw them onto the floor at Madam Malkin's feet.You're right, Draco, said Narcissa, with a contemptuous glance at Hermione, now I know the kind of scum that shops here. . . . We'll do better at Twilfitt and Tatting's.And with that, the pair of them strode out of the shop, Malfoy taking care to bang as hard as he could into Ron on the way out.Well, really? said Madam Malkin, snatching up the fallen robes and moving the tip of her wand over them like a vacuum cleaner, so that it removed all the dust.She was distracted all through the fitting of Ron's and Harry's new robes, tried to sell Hermione wizard's dress robes instead of witch's, and when she finally bowed them out of the shop it was with an air of being glad to see the back of them.Got ev'rything? asked Hagrid brightly when they reappeared at his side.Just about, said Harry. Did you see the Malfoys?Yeah, said Hagrid, unconcerned. Bu they wouldn dare make trouble in the middle o' Diagon Alley, Harry. Don' worry abou1 them.Harry, Ron, and Hermione exchanged looks, but before they could disabuse Hagrid of this comfortable notion, Mr. and Mrs. Weasley and Ginny appeared, all clutching heavy packages of books.Everyone all right? said Mrs. Weasley. Got your robes? Right then, we can pop in at the Apothecary and Eeylops on the way to Fred and George's  stick close, now. . . .Neither Harry nor Ron bought any ingredients at the Apothecary, seeing that they were no longer studying Potions, but both bought large boxes of owl nuts for Hedwig and Pigwidgeon at Eeylops Owl Emporium. Then, with Mrs. Weasley checking her watch every minute or so, they headed farther along the street in search of Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes, the joke shop run by Fred and George.We really haven't got too long, Mrs. Weasley said. So we'll just have a quick look around and then back to the car. We must be close, that's number ninety-two . . . ninety-four . . .Whoa,said Ron, stopping in his tracks.Set against the dull, poster-muffled shop Fronts around them, Fred and Georges windows hit the eye like a firework display. Casual passersby were looking back over their shoulders at the windows, and a few rather stunned-looking people had actually come to a halt, transfixed. The left-hand window was dazzlingly full of an assortment of goods that revolved, popped, flashed, bounced, and shrieked	 Harrys eyes began to water just looking at it. The right-hand window was covered with a gigantic poster, purple like those of the Ministry, but emblazoned with flashing yellow letters:WHY ARE YOU WORRYING ABOUTYOU-KNOW-WHO?YOU SHOULD BE WORRYING ABOUTU-NO-POO--THE CONSTIPATION SENSATIONTHAT'S GRIPPING THE NATION!Harry started to laugh. He heard a weak sort of moan beside him and looked around to see Mrs. Weasley gazing, dumbfounded, at the poster. Her lips moved silently, mouthing the name U-No-Poo.They'll be murdered in their beds! she whispered.No they wont! said Ron, who, like Harry, was laughing. This is brilliant!And he and Harry led the way into the shop. It was packed with customers	 Harry could not get near the shelves. He stared around, looking up at the boxes piled to the ceiling: Here were the Skiving Snackboxes that the twins had perfected during their last, unfinished year at Hogwarts	 Harry noticed that the Nosebleed Nougat was most popular, with only one battered box left on the shelf. There were bins full of trick wands, the cheapest merely turning into rubber chickens or pairs of briefs when waved, the most expensive beating the unwary user around the head and neck, and boxes of quills, which came in Self-Inking, Spell-Checking, and Smart-Answer varieties. A space cleared in the crowd, and Harry pushed his way toward the counter, where a gaggle of delighted ten-year-olds was watching a tiny little wooden man slowly ascending the steps to a real set of gallows, both perched on a box that read: reusable hangman  spell it or he'll swing!'Patented Daydream CharmsHermione had managed to squeeze through to a large display near the counter and was reading the information on the back of a box bearing a highly colored picture of a handsome youth and a swooning girl who were standing on the deck of a pirate ship.'One simple incantation and you will enter a top-quality, highly realistic, thirty-minute daydream, easy to fit into the average school lesson and virtually undetectable (side effects include vacant expression and minor drooling). Not for sale to under-sixteens. You know, said Hermione, looking up at Harry, that really is extraordinary magic!For that, Hermione, said a voice behind them, you can have one for free.A beaming Fred stood before them, wearing a set of magenta robes that clashed magnificently with his flaming hair.How are you, Harry? They shook hands. And what's happened to your eye, Hermione?Your punching telescope, she said ruefully.Oh blimey, I forgot about those, said Fred. Here He pulled a tub out of his pocket and handed it to her	 she unscrewed it gingerly to reveal a thick yellow paste.Just dab it on, that bruise'll be gone within the hour, said Fred. We had to find a decent bruise remover. We're testing most of our products on ourselves.Hermione looked nervous. It is safe, isn't it? she asked.'Course it is, said Fred bracingly. Come on, Harry, I'll give you a tour.Harry left Hermione dabbing her black eye with paste and followed Fred toward the back of the shop, where he saw a stand of card and rope tricks.Muggle magic tricks! said Fred happily, pointing them out. For freaks like Dad, you know, who love Muggle stuff. It's not a big earner, but we do fairly steady business, they're great novelties. . . . Oh, here's George. ...Fred's twin shook Harrys hand energetically.Giving him the tour? Come through the back, Harry, that's where we're making the real moneypocket anything, you, and you'll pay in more than Galleons! he added warningly to a small boy who hastily whipped his hand out of the tub labeled edible darkMARKS----THEY'LL MAKE ANYONE SICK!George pushed back a curtain beside the Muggle tricks and Harry saw a darker, less crowded room. The packaging on the products lining these shelves was more subdued.We've just developed this more serious line, said Fred. Funny how it happened . . .You wouldn't believe how many people, even people who work at the Ministry, can't do a decent Shield Charm, said George. 'Course, they didn't have you teaching them, Harry.That's right. . . . Well, we thought Shield Hats were a bit of a laugh, you know, challenge your mate to jinx you while wearing it and watch his face when the jinx just bounces off. But the Ministry bought five hundred for all its support staff! And we're still getting massive orders!So we've expanded into a range of Shield Cloaks, Shield Gloves ...... I mean, they wouldn't help much against the Unforgivable Curses, but for minor to moderate hexes or jinxes . . .And then we thought we'd get into the whole area of Defense Against the Dark Arts, because it's such a money spinner, continued George enthusiastically. This is cool. Look, Instant Darkness Powder, we're importing it from Peru. Handy if you want to makea quick escape.And our Decoy Detonators are just walking off the shelves, look, said Fred, pointing at a number of weird-looking black horn-type objects that were indeed attempting to scurry out of sight. You just drop one surreptitiously and it'll run off and make a nice loud noise out of sight, giving you a diversion if you need one.Handy, said Harry, impressed.Here, said George, catching a couple and throwing them to Harry.A young witch with short blonde hair poked her head around the curtain	 Harry saw that she too was wearing magenta staff robes.There's a customer out here looking for a joke cauldron, Mr. Weasley and Mr. Weasley, she said.Harry found it very odd to hear Fred and George called Mr. Weasley, but they took it in their stride.Right you are, Verity, I'm coming, said George promptly. Harry, you help yourself to anything you want, all right? No charge.I can't do that! said Harry, who had already pulled out his money bag to pay for the Decoy Detonators.You don't pay here, said Fred firmly, waving away Harry's gold.ButYou gave us our start-up loan, we haven't forgotten, said George sternly Take whatever you like, and just remember to tell people where you got it, if they ask.George swept off through the curtain to help with the customers, and Fred led Harry back into the main part of the shop to find Hermione and Ginny still poring over the Patented Daydream Charms.Haven't you girls found our special WonderWitch products yet? asked Fred. Follow me, ladies. . . .Near the window was an array of violently pink products around which a cluster of excited girls was giggling enthusiastically. Hermione and Ginny both hung back, looking wary.There you go, said Fred proudly. Best range of love potions you'll find anywhere.Ginny raised an eyebrow skeptically. Do they work? she asked.Certainly they work, for up to twenty-four hours at a time depending on the weight of the boy in question  and the attractiveness of the girl, said George, reappearing suddenly at their side. But we're not selling them to our sister, he added, becoming suddenly stern, not when she's already got about five boys on the go from what we've Whatever you've heard from Ron is a big fat lie, said Ginny calmly, leaning forward to take a small pink pot off the shelf. What's this?Guaranteed ten-second pimple vanisher, said Fred. Excellent on everything from boils to blackheads, but don't change the subject. Are you or are you not currently going out with a boy called Dean Thomas?Yes, I am, said Ginny. And last time I looked, he was definitely one boy, not five. What are those?She was pointing at a number of round balls of fluff in shades of pink and purple, all rolling around the bottom of a cage and emitting high-pitched squeaks.Pygmy Puffs, said George. Miniature puffskeins, we cant breed them fast enough. So what about Michael Corner?I dumped him, he was a bad loser, said Ginny, putting a finger through the bars of the cage and watching the Pygmy Puffs crowd around it. They're really cute!They're fairly cuddly, yes, conceded Fred. But you're moving through boyfriends a bit fast, aren't you?Ginny turned to look at him, her hands on her hips. There was such a Mrs. Weasley-ish glare on her face that Harry was surprised Fred didn't recoil.It's none of your business. And I'll thank you'' she added angrily to Ron, who had just appeared at George's elbow, laden with merchandise, not to tell tales about me to these two!That's three Galleons, nine Sickles, and a Knut, said Fred, examining the many boxes in Ron's arms. Cough up.I'm your brother!And that's our stuff you're nicking. Three Galleons, nine Sickles. I'll knock off the Knut.But I haven't got three Galleons, nine Sickles!You'd better put it back then, and mind you put it on the right shelves.Ron dropped several boxes, swore, and made a rude hand gesture at Fred that was unfortunately spotted by Mrs. Weasley, who had chosen that moment to appear.If I see you do that again I'll jinx your fingers together, she said sharply.Mum, can I have a Pygmy Puff? said Ginny at once.A what? said Mrs. Weasley warily.Look, they're so sweet. . . .Mrs. Weasley moved aside to look at the Pygmy Puffs, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione momentarily had an unimpeded view out of the window. Draco Malfoy was hurrying up the street alone. As he passed Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes, he glanced over his shoulder. Seconds later, he moved beyond the scope of the window and they lost sight of him.Wonder where his mummy is? said Harry, frowning.Given her the slip by the looks of it, said Ron.Why, though? said Hermione.Harry said nothing
Half-Blood Prince=Harry spent a lot of the last week of the holidays pondering the meaning of Malfoy's behavior in Knockturn Alley. What disturbed him most was the satisfied look on Malfoy's face as he had left the shop. Nothing that made Malfoy look that happy could be good news. To his slight annoyance, however, neither Ron nor Hermione seemed quite as curious about Malfoy's activities as he was	 or at least, they seemed to get bored of discussing it after a few days.Yes, I've already agreed it was fishy, Harry, said Hermione a little impatiently. She was sitting on the windowsill in Fred and George's room with her feet up on one of the cardboard boxes and had only grudgingly looked up from her new copy of Advanced Rune Translation. But haven't we agreed there could be a lot of explanations?Maybe he's broken his Hand of Glory said Ron vaguely, as he attempted to straighten his broomstick's bent tail twigs. Remember that shriveled-up arm Malfoy had?But what about when he said, 'Don't forget to keep that one safe'? asked Harry for the umpteenth time. That sounded to me like Borgin's got another one of the broken objects, and Malfoy wants both.You reckon? said Ron, now trying to scrape some dirt off his broom handle.Yeah, I do, said Harry. When neither Ron nor Hermione answered, he said, Malfoy's father's in Azkaban. Don't you think Malfoyd like revenge?Ron looked up, blinking.Malfoy, revenge? What can he do about it?That's my point, I don't know! said Harry, frustrated. But he's up to something and I think we should take it seriously. His father's a Death Eater and ?quot	Harry broke off, his eyes fixed on the window behind Hermione, his mouth open. A startling thought had just occurred to him.Harry? said Hermione in an anxious voice. What's wrong?Your scar's not hurting again, is it? asked Ron nervously.He's a Death Eater, said Harry slowly. He's replaced his father as a Death Eater!There was a silence	 then Ron erupted in laughter. Malfoy? He's sixteen, Harry! You think You-Know-Who would let Malfoy join?It seems very unlikely, Harry, said Hermione in a repressive sort of voice. What makes you think ??In Madam Malkin's. She didn't touch him, but he yelled and jerked his arm away from her when she went to roll up his sleeve. It was his left arm. He's been branded with the Dark Mark.Ron and Hermione looked at each other.Well.. . said Ron, sounding thoroughly unconvinced.I think he just wanted to get out of there, Harry, said Hermione.He showed Borgin something we couldn't see, Harry pressed on stubbornly. Something that seriously scared Borgin. It was the Mark, I know it ?he was showing Borgin who he was dealing with, you saw how seriously Borgin took him!Ron and Hermione exchanged another look.I'm not sure, Harry. . . .Yeah, I still don't reckon You-Know-Who would let Malfoy join.. . .Annoyed, but absolutely convinced he was right, Harry snatched up a pile of filthy Quidditch robes and left the room	 Mrs. Weasley had been urging them for days not to leave their washing and packing until the last moment. On the landing he bumped into Ginny, who was returning to her room carrying a pile of freshly laundered clothes.I wouldn't go in the kitchen just now, she warned him. There's a lot of Phlegm around.I'll be careful not to slip in it. Harry smiled.Sure enough, when he entered the kitchen it was to find Fleur sitting at the kitchen table, in full flow about plans for her wedding to Bill, while Mrs. Weasley kept watch over a pile of self-peeling sprouts, looking bad-tempered.. . . Bill and I 'ave almost decided on only two bridesmaids, Ginny and Gabrielle will look very sweet togezzer. I am theenking of dressing zem in pale gold ?pink would of course be 'orrible with Ginny's 'air ?quot	Ah, Harry! said Mrs. Weasley loudly, cutting across Fleur's monologue. Good, I wanted to explain about the security arrangements for the journey to Hogwarts tomorrow. We've got Ministry cars again, and there will be Aurors waiting at the station ?quot	Is Tonks going to be there? asked Harry, handing over his Quidditch things.No, I don't think so, she's been stationed somewhere else from what Arthur said.She has let 'erself go, zat Tonks, Fleur mused, examining her own stunning reflection in the back of a teaspoon. A big mistake if you ask?quot	Yes, thank you, said Mrs. Weasley tartly, cutting across Fleur again. You'd better get on, Harry, I want the trunks ready tonight, if possible, so we don't have the usual last-minute scramble.And in fact, their departure the following morning was smoother than usual. The Ministry cars glided up to the front of the Burrow to find them waiting, trunks packed	 Hermione's cat, Crookshanks, safely enclosed in his traveling basket	 and Hedwig	 Ron's owl, Pig-widgeon	 and Ginny's new purple Pygmy Puff, Arnold, in cages.Au revoir, 'Any, said Fleur throatily, kissing him good-bye. Ron hurried forward, looking hopeful, but Ginny stuck out her foot and Ron fell, sprawling in the dust at Fleur's feet. Furious, red-faced, and dirt-spattered, he hurried into the car without saying good-bye.There was no cheerful Hagrid waiting for them at King's Cross Station. Instead, two grim-faced, bearded Aurors in dark Muggle suits moved forward the moment the cars stopped and, flanking the party, marched them into the station without speaking.Quick, quick, through the barrier, said Mrs. Weasley, whoseemed a little flustered by this austere efficiency. Harry had better go first, with ?quot	She looked inquiringly at one of the Aurors, who nodded briefly, seized Harry's upper arm, and attempted to steer him toward the barrier between platforms nine and ten.I can walk, thanks, said Harry irritably, jerking his arm out of the Auror's grip. He pushed his trolley directly at the solid barrier, ignoring his silent companion, and found himself, a second later, standing on platform nine and three-quarters, where the scarlet Hogwarts Express stood belching steam over the crowd.Hermione and the Weasleys joined him within seconds. Without waiting to consult his grim-faced Auror, Harry motioned to Ron and Hermione to follow him up the platform, looking for an empty compartment.We can't, Harry, said Hermione, looking apologetic. Ron and I've got to go to the prefects' carriage first and then patrol the corridors for a bit.Oh yeah, I forgot, said Harry.You'd better get straight on the train, all of you, you've only got a few minutes to go, said Mrs. Weasley, consulting her watch. Well, have a lovely term, Ron. . . .Mr. Weasley, can I have a quick word? said Harry, making up his mind on the spur of the moment.Of course, said Mr. Weasley, who looked slightly surprised, but followed Harry out of earshot of the others nevertheless.Harry had thought it through carefully and come to the conclusion that, if he was to tell anyone, Mr. Weasley was the right person	 firstly, because he worked at the Ministry and was therefore in the best position to make further investigations, and secondly,because he thought that there was not too much risk of Mr. Weasley exploding with anger.He could see Mrs. Weasley and the grim-faced Auror casting the pair of them suspicious looks as they moved away.When we were in Diagon Alley, Harry began, but Mr. Weasley forestalled him with a grimace.Am I about to discover where you, Ron, and Hermione disappeared to while you were supposed to be in the back room of Fred and George's shop?How did you ??Harry, please. You're talking to the man who raised Fred and George.Er . . . yeah, all right, we weren't in the back room. Very well, then, let's hear the worst.Well, we followed Draco Malfoy. We used my Invisibility Cloak.Did you have any particular reason for doing so, or was it a mere whim?Because I thought Malfoy was up to something, said Harry, disregarding Mr. Weasley's look of mingled exasperation and amusement. He'd given his mother the slip and I wanted to know why.Of course you did, said Mr. Weasley, sounding resigned. Well? Did you find out why?He went into Borgin and Burkes, said Harry, and started bullying the bloke in there, Borgin, to help him fix something. And he said he wanted Borgin to keep something else for him. He made it sound like it was the same kind of thing that needed fixing. Like they were a pair. And ...Harry took a deep breath.There's something else. We saw Malfoy jump about a mile when Madam Malkin tried to touch his left arm. I think he's been branded with the Dark Mark. 1 think he's replaced his father as a Death Eater.Mr. Weasley looked taken aback. After a moment he said, Harry, I doubt whether You-Know-Who would allow a sixteen-year-old ?quot
Half-Blood Prince=Harry could not move a muscle. He lay there beneath the _ Invisibility Cloak feeling the blood from his nose flow, hot and wet, over his face, listening to the voices and footsteps in the corridor beyond. His immediate thought was that someone, would surely, would check the compartments before the train departed again. But at once came the dispiriting realization that even if somebody looked into the compartment, he would be neither seen nor heard. His best hope was that somebody else would walk in and step on him.Harry had never hated Malfoy more than as he lay there, like an absurd turtle on its back, blood dripping sickeningly into his open mouth. What a stupid situation to have landed himself in... and now the last few footsteps were dying away	 everyone was shuffling along the dark platform outside	 he could hear the scraping of trunks and loud babble of talk.Ron and Hermione would think that he had left the train without them. Once they arrived at Hogwarts and took their places in the Great Hall, looked up and down the Gryffindor table a few times, and finally realized that he was not there, he, no doubt, would be halfway back to London.He tried to make a sound, even a grunt, but it was impossible. Then he remembered that some wizards, like Dumbledore, could perform spells without speaking, so he tried to summon his wand, which had fallen out of his hand, by saying the words Accio Wand! over and over again in his head, but nothing happened.He thought he could hear the rustling of the trees that surrounded the lake, and the far-off hoot of an owl, but no hint of a search being made or even (he despised himself slightly for hoping it) panicked voices wondering where Harry Potter had gone. A feeling of hopelessness spread through him as he imagined the convoy of thestral-drawn carriages trundling up to the school and the muffled yells of laughter issuing from whichever carriage Malfoy was riding in, where he could be recounting his attack on Harry to Crabbe, Goyle, Zabini, and Pansy Parkinson.The train lurched, causing Harry to roll over onto his side. Now he was staring at the dusty underside of the seats instead of the ceiling. The floor began to vibrate as the engine roared into life. The Express was leaving and nobody knew he was still on it...Then he felt his Invisibility Cloak fly off him and a voice overhead said, Wotcher, Harry.There was a flash of red light and Harry's body unfroze	 he was able to push himself into a more dignified sitting position, hastily wipe the blood off his bruised race with the back of his hand, and raise his head to look up at Tonks, who was holding the Invisibiliiv Cloak she had just pulled away.We'd better get out of here, quickly, she said, as the train windows became obscured with steam and they began to move out of the station. Come on, we'll jump.Harry hurried after her into the corridor. She pulled open the train door and leapt onto the platform, which seemed to be sliding underneath them as the train gathered momentum. He followed her, staggered a little on landing, then straightened up in time to see the gleaming scarlet steam engine pick up speed, round the corner, and disappear from view.The cold night air was soothing on his throbbing nose. Tonks was looking at him	 he felt angry and embarrassed that he had been discovered in such a ridiculous position. Silently she handed him back the Invisibility Cloak.Who did it?Draco Malfoy, said Harry bitterly. Thanks for... well...No problem, said Tonks, without smiling. From what Harry could see in the darkness, she was as mousy-haired and miserable-lookinng as she had been when he had met her at the Burrow. I can fix your nose if you stand still.Harry did not think much of this idea	 he had been intending to visit Madam Pomfrey, the matron, in whom he had a little more confidence when it came to Healing Spells, but it seemed rude to say this, so he stayed stock-still and closed his eyes,Episkey said Tonks.Harrys nose felt very hot, and then very cold. He raised a hand and felt gingerly. It seemed to be mended.Thanks a lot!You'd better put that cloak back on, and we can walk up to the school, said Tonks, still unsmiling. As Harry swung the cloak back over himself, she waved her wand	 an immense silvery four-legged creature erupted from it and streaked off into the darkness.''Was that a Patronus? asked Harry, who had seen Dumbledore send messages like this.Yes, I'm sending word to the castle that I've got you or they'll worry. Come on, we'd better not dawdle.They set off toward the lane that led to the school.How did you find me?I noticed you hadn't left the train and I knew you had that cloak. I thought you might be hiding for some reason. When I saw the blinds were drawn down on that compartment I thought Id check.But what are you doing here, anyway? Harry asked.I'm stationed in Hogsmeade now, to give the school extra protection, said Tonks.Is it just you who's stationed up here, or  ?No, Proudfoot, Savage, and Dawlish are here too.Dawlish, that Auror Dumbledore attacked last year?That's right.They trudged up the dark, deserted lane, following the freshly made carriage tracks. Harry looked sideways at Tonks under his cloak. Last year she had been inquisitive (to the point of being a little annoying at times), she had laughed easily, she had made jokes. Now she seemed older and much more serious and purposeful. Was this all the effect of what had happened at the Ministry? He reflected uncomfortably that Hermione would have suggested he say something consoling about Sirius to her, that it hadn't been her fault at all, but he couldn't bring himself to do it. He was far from blaming her for Sirius's death	 it was no more her fault than anyone elses (and much less than his), but he did not like talking about Sirius if he could avoid it. And so they tramped on through the cold night in silence, Tonks's long cloak whispering on the ground behind them.Having always traveled there by carriage, Harry had never before appreciated just how far Hogwarts was from Hogsmeade Station. With great relief he finally saw the tall pillars on either side of the gates, each topped with a winged boar. He was cold, he was hungry and he was quite keen to leave this new, gloomy Tonks behind. But when he put out a hand to push open the gates, he found them chained shut.Alohomora! he said confidently, pointing his wand at the padlock, but nothing happened.That won't work on these, said Tonks. Dumbledore bewitched them himself.Harry looked around, I could climb a wall, he suggested.No, you couldn't, said Tonks flatly. Anti-intruder jinxes on all of them. Security's been tightened a hundredfold this summer.Well then, said Harry, starting to feel annoyed at her lack of helpfulness, I suppose I'll just have to sleep out here and wait for morning.Someone's coming down for you, said Tonks, Look.A lantern was bobbing at the distant foot of the castle. Harry was so pleased to see it he felt he could even endure Filch's wheezy criticisms of his tardiness and rants about how his timekeeping would improve with the regular application of thumbscrews. It was not until the glowing yellow light was ten feet away from them, and had pulled off his Invisibility Cloak so that he could be seen, that he recognized, with a rush of pure loathing, the uplit hooked nose and long, black, greasy hair of Severus Snape.Well, well, well, sneered Snape, taking out his wand and tapping the padlock once, so that the chains snaked backward and the gates creaked open. Nice of you to turn up, Potter, although you have evidently decided that the wearing of school robes would detract from your appearance.I couldn't change, I didn't have my  Harry began, but Snape cut across him.There is no need to wait, Nymphadora, Potter is quite  ah safe in my hands.I meant Hagrid to get the message, said Tonks, frowning.Hagrid was late for the start-of-term feast, just like Potter here, so I took it instead. And incidentally, said Snape, standing back to allow Harry to pass him, I was interested to see your new Patronus.He shut the gates in her face with a loud clang and tapped the chains with his wand again, so that they slithered, clinking, back into place.I think you were better off with the old one, said Snape, the malice in his voice unmistakable. The new one looks weak.As Snape swung the lantern about, Harry saw, fleetingly, a look of shock and anger on Tonks's face. Then she was covered in darkness once more.Good night, Harry called to her over his shoulder, as he began the walk up to the school with Snape. Thanks for ... everything,See you, Harry.Snape did not speak for a minute or so. Harry felt as though his body was generating waves of hatred so powerful that it seemed incredibie that Snape could not feel them burning him. He had loathed Snape from their first encounter, but Snape had placed himself forever and irrevocably beyond the possibility of Harry's forgiveness by his attitude toward Sirius. Whatever Dumbledore said, Harry had had time to think over the summer, and had concluded that Snape's snide remarks to Sirius about remaining safely hidden while the rest of the Order of the Phoenix were off fighting Voldemort had probably been a powerful factor in Sirius rushing off to the Ministry the night that he had died. Harry clung to this notion, because it enabled him to blame Snape, which felt satisfying, and also because he knew that if anyone was not sorry that Sirius was dead, it was the man now striding next to him in the darkness.Fifty points from Gryffindor for lateness, I think, said Snape. And, let me see, another twenty for your Muggle attire. You know, I dont believe any House has ever been in negative figures this early in the term: We haven't even started pudding. You might have set a record, Potter.The fury and hatred bubbling inside Harry seemed to blaze white-hot, but he would rather have been immobilized all the wayback to London than tell Snape why he was late.I suppose you wanted to make an entrance, did you? Snapecontinued. And with no flying car available you decided thatbursting into the Great Hall halfway through the feast ought tocreate a dramatic effect.Still Harry remained silent, though he thought his chest mightexplode. He knew that Snape had come to fetch him for this, forthe few minutes when he could needle and torment Harry withoutanyone else listening.They reached the castle steps at last and as the great oaken front doors swung open into the vast flagged entrance hall, a burst of talk and laughter and of tinkling plates and glasses greeted them through the doors standing open into the Great Hail. Harry wondered whether he could slip his Invisibility Cloak back on, thereby gaining his seat at the long Gryffindor table (which, inconveniently, was the farthest from the entrance hall) without being noticed. As though he had read Harry's mind, however, Snape said, No cloak. You can walk in so that everyone sees you, which is what you wanted, I'm sure.Harry turned on the spot and marched straight through the open doors: anything to get away from Snape. The Great Hall with its four long House tables and its staff table set at the top of the room, was decorated as usual with floating candles that made the plates below glitter and glow. It was ail a shimmering blur to Harry, however, who walked so fast that he was passing the Hufflepuff table before people really started to stare, and by the time they were standing up to get a good look at him, he had spotted Ron and Hermione, sped along the benches toward them, .mil forced his way in between them.Where've you  blimey, what've you done to your face? said Ron, goggling at him along with everyone else in the vicinity. IWhy, what's wrong with it? said Harry, grabbing a spoon and squinting at his distorted reflection.You're covered in blood! said Hermione. Come here She raised her wand, said Tergeo! and siphoned off the dried blood.Thanks, said Harry, feeling his now clean face. How's my nose looking?Normal, said Hermoine anxiously. Why shouldn't it? Harry, what happened? We've been terrified!I'll tell you later, said Harry curtly. He was very conscious that Ginny, Neville, Dean, and Seamus were listening in	 even Nearly Headless Nick, the Gryffindor ghost, had come floating along the bench to eavesdrop.But  said Hermione.Not now, Hermione, said Harry, in a darkly significant voice. He hoped very much that they would all assume he had been involved in something heroic, preferably involving a couple of Death Eaters and a dementor. Of course, Malfoy would spread the story as wide as he could, but there was always a chance it wouldn't reach too many Gryffindor ears.He reached across Ron for a couple of chicken legs and a handful chips, but before he could take them they vanished, to be replaced with puddings.You missed the Sorting, anyway, said Hermione, as Ron dived a largt: chocolate gateau.Hat say anything interesting? asked Harry, taking a piece of treacle tart.More of the same, really . . . advising us all to unite in the face enemies, you know.Dumbledore mentioned Voldemort at all? Not yet, but he always saves his proper speech for after the the feast doesn't he? It can't be long now.Snape said Hagrid was late for the feast You've seen Snape? How come? said Ron between frenzied mouthfuls of gateau.Bumped into him, said Harry evasively.Hagrid was only a few minutes late, said Hermione. Look, he's waving at you, Harry.Harry looked up at the staff table and grinned at Hagrid, who was indeed waving at him. Hagrid had never quite managed to comport himself with the dignity of Professor McGonagall, Head of Gryffindor House, the top of whose head came up to somewhere between Hagrid's elbow and shoulder as they were sitting side by side, and who was looking disapprovingly at this enthusiastic greeting. Harry was surprised to see the Divination teacher, Professor Trelawney, sitting on Hagrid's other side	 she rarely left her tower room, and he had never seen her at the start-of-term feast before. She looked as odd as ever, glittering with beads and trailing shawls, her eyes magnified to enormous size by her spectacles. Having always considered her a bit of a fraud, Harry had been shocked to discover at the end of the previous term that it had been she who had made the prediction that caused Lord Voldemort to kill Harry's parents and attack Harry himself. The knowledge made him even less eager to find himself in her company, thankfully, this year he would be dropping Divination. Her great beaconlike eyes swiveled in his direction	 he hastily looked away toward the Slytherin table. Draco Malfoy was miming the shatterering of a nose to raucous laughter and applause. Harry dropped his gaze to his treacle tart, his insides burning again. What he would give to fight Malfoy one-on-one...So what did Professor Slughorn want? Hermione asked.To know what really happened at the Ministry. said Harry.Him and everyone else here, sniffed Hermione. People were interrogating us about it on the train, weren't they, Ron?Yeah, said Ron. All wanting to know if you really are 'the Chosen One' There has been much talk on that very subject even amongst the ghosts, interrupted Nearly Headless Nick, inclining his barely connected head toward Harry so that it wobbled dangerously on its ruff. I am considered something of a Potter authority	 it is widely known that we are friendly. I have assured the spirit community that I will not pester you for information, however. 'Harry Potter knows that he can confide in me with complete confidence,' I told them. 'I would rather die than betray his trust.'That's nor saying much, seeing as you're already dead, Ron observed.Once again, you show all the sensitivity of a blunt axe, said Nearly Headless Nick in affronted tones, and he rose into the air glided back toward the far end of the Gryffindor table just as Dumbledore got to his feet at the staff table. The talk and laughter echoing around the Hall died away almost instantly.The very best of evenings to you! he said, smiling broadly, his arms opened wide as though to embrace the whole room.What happened to his hand? gasped Hermione.She was not the only one who had noticed. Dumbledore's right hand was as blackened and dead-looking as it had been on the night he had come to fetch Harry from the Dursleys. Whispers it the room	 Dumbledore, interpreting them correctly, merely smiled and shook his purple-and-gold sleeve over his injury.Nothing to worry about, he said airily. Now ... to our new students, welcome, to our old students, welcome back! Another year full of magical education awaits you . ..His hand was like that when I saw him over the summer,Harry whispered to Hermione. I thought he'd have cured it by now, though ... or Madam Pomfrey would've done.It looks as if it's died, said Hermione, with a nauseated expression. But there are some injuries you can't cure... old cursesand there are poisons without antidotes. . . .. . . and Mr. Filch, our caretaker, has asked me to say chat there is a blanket ban on any joke items bought at the shop called Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes.Those wishing to play for their House Quidditch teams should give their names to their Heads of House as usual. We are also looking for new Quidditch commentators, who should do likewise.We are pleased to welcome a new member of staff this year, Professor Slughorn Slughorn stood up, his bald head gleaming in the candlelight, his big waistcoated belly casting the table into shadow  is a former colleague of mine who has agreed resume his old post of Potions master.Potions?Potions?The word echoed all over the Hall as people wondered wheel they had heard right.Potions? said Ron and Hermione together, turning to stare Harry. But you said Professor Snape, meanwhile, said Dumbledore, raising voice so that it carried over all the muttering, will be taking the position of Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher.No! said Harry, so loudly that many heads turned in his direction. He did not care	 he was staring up at the staff table, incensed. How could Snape be given the Defense Against the Dark Arts job after all this time? Hadn't it been widely known for years that Dumbledore did not trust him to do it?But Harry, you said that Slughorn was going to be teaching Defense Against the Dark Arts! said Hermione.I thought he was! said Harry, racking his brains to remember when Dumbledore had told him this, but now that he came to think of it, he was unable to recall Dumbledore ever telling him what Slughorn would be teaching.Snape, who was sitting on Dumbledore's right, did not stand up his mention of his name
Half-Blood Prince=Harry and Ron met Hermione in the common room before breakfast next morning. Hoping for some support in his theory, Harry lost no time in telling Hermione what he had overheard Malfoy saying on the Hogwarts Express.But he was obviously showing off for Parkinson, wasn't he? interjected Ron quickly, before Hermione could say anything.Well, she said uncertainly, I don't know. ... It would be like Malfoy make himself seem more important than he is ... but that's a big lie to tell. . . .Exactly, said Harry, but he could nor press the point, because so many people were trying to listen in to his conversation, not to mention staring at him and whispering behind their hands.It's rude to point, Ron snapped at a particularly minuscule first-year boy as they joined the queue to climb out of the portrait hole. The boy, who had been muttering something about Harry behind his hand to his friend, promptly turned scarlet and toppled out of the hole in alarm. Ron sniggered. I love being a sixth year. And were going to be getting free time this year. Whole periods when we can just sit up here and relax.We're going to need that time for studying, Ron! said Hermione, as they set off down the corridor.Yeah, but not today, said Ron. Today's going to be a real doss, I reckon.Hold it! said Hermione, throwing out an arm and halting a passing fourth year, who was attempting to push past her with a lime-green disk clutched tightly in his hand. Fanged Frisbees banned, hand it over, she told him sternly. The scowling boy handed over the snarling Frisbee, ducked under her arm, and took off after his friends. Ron waited for him to vanish, then tugged the Frisbee from Hermione's grip.Excellent, I've always wanted one of these.Hermione's remonstration was drowned by a loud giggle	 Lavender Brown had apparently found Ron's remark highly amusing. She continued to laugh as she passed them, glancing back at Ron over her shoulder. Ron looked rather pleased with himself.The ceiling of the Great Hall was serenely blue and streaked with frail, wispy clouds, just like the squares of sky visible through the high mullioned windows. While they tucked into porridge and eggs and bacon, Harry and Ron told Hermione about their embarassing conversation with Hagrid the previous evening.But he can't really think we'd continue Care of Magical Creatures ! she said, looking distressed. I mean, when has any of us expressed . . . you know . . . any enthusiasm?That's it, though, innit? said Ron, swallowing an entire fried egg whole. We were the ones who made the most effort in classes because we like Hagrid. But he thinks we liked the stupid subject. D'ya reckon anyone's going to go on to N.E.W.T.?Neither Harry nor Hermione answered	 there was no need. They knew perfectly well that nobody in their year would want to continue Care of Magical Creatures. They avoided Hagrid's eye and returned his cheery wave only half-heartedly when he left the staff table ten minutes later.After they had eaten, they remained in their places, awaiting Professor McGonagall's descent from the staff table. The distribution of class schedules was more complicated than usual this year, for Professor McGonagall needed first to confirm that everybody had achieved the necessary O.W.L. grades to continue with their chosen N.E.W.T.s.Hermione was immediately cleared to continue with Charms, Defense Against the Dark Arts, Transfiguration, Herbology, Arithmancy, Ancient Runes, and Potions, and shot off to a first period Ancient Runes class without further ado. Neville took a little longer to sort out	 his round face was anxious as Professor McGonagall looked down his application and then consulted his O.W.L results.Herbology, fine, she said. Professor Sprout will be delighted to see you back with an 'Outstanding' O.W.L. And you qualify for Defense Against the Dark Arts with 'Exceeds Expectations.' But the problem is Transfiguration. I'm sorry, Longbottom, but an 'Acceptable' really isn't good enough to continue to N.E.W.T. level. Just don't think you'd be able to cope with the coursework.Neville hung his head. Professor McGonagall peered at him through her square spectacles.Why do you want to continue with Transfiguration, anyway? I've never had the impression that you particularly enjoyed it.Neville looked miserable and muttered something about my grandmother wants.Hmph, snorted Professot McGonagall. It's high time your grandmother learned to be proud of the grandson she's got, rather than the one she thinks she ought to have - particularly after what happened at the Ministry.Neville turned very pink and blinked confusedly	 Professor McGonagall had never paid him a compliment before.I'm sorry, Longbottom, but I cannot let you into my N.E.W.T. class. I see that you have an 'Exceeds Expectations' in Charm however - why not try for a N.E.W.T. in Charms?My grandmother thinks Charms is a soft option, mumbled Neville.Take Charms, said Professor McGonagall, and I shall drop Augusta a line reminding her that just because she failed her Charms O.W.L., the subject is not necessarily worthless. Smiling slightly at the look of delighted incredulity on Neville's face, Professor McGonagall tapped a blank schedule with the tip of her wand and handed it, now carrying details of his new classes, to Neville.Professor McGonagall turned next to Parvati Patil, whose first question was whether Firenze, the handsome centaur, was still teaching Divination.He and Professor Trelawney are dividing classes between them this year, said Professor McGonagall, a hint of disapproval in her voice	 it was common knowledge that she despised the subject of Divination. The sixth year is being taken by Professor Trelawney.Parvati set off for Divination five minutes later looking slightly crestfallen.So, Potter, Potter . . . said Professor McGonagall, consulting her notes as she turned to Harry. Charms, Defense Against the Dark Arts, Herbology, Transfiguration ... all fine. I must say, I was pleased with your Transfiguration mark, Potter, very pleased. Now, why haven't you applied to continue with Potions? I thought it was your ambition to become an Auror?It was, but you told me I had to get an 'Outstanding' in my O.W.L., Professor.And so you did when Professor Snape was teaching the subject. Professor Slughorn, however, is perfectly happy to accept N.E.W.T. students with 'Exceeds Expectations' at O.W.L. Do you wish to proceed with Potions?Yes, said Harry, but I didn't buy the books or any ingredients or anything-I'm sure Professor Slughorn will be able to lend you some, said Professor McGonagall. Very well, Potter, here is your schedule. Oh, by the way- twenty hopefuls have already put down their names for the Gryffindor Quidditch team. I shall pass the list to you in due course and you can fix up trials at your leisure.A few minutes later, Ron was cleared to do the same subjects as Harry, and the two of them left the table together.Look, said Ron delightedly, gazing ar his schedule, we've got a free period now. . . and a free period after break . . . and after lunch . . . excellent.They returned to the common room, which was empty apart from a half dozen seventh years, including Katie Bell, the only remaining member of the original Gryffindor Quidditch team that Harry had joined in his first year.I thought you'd get that, well done, she called over, pointing. at the Captains badge on Harry's chest. Tell me when you call trials!Don't be stupid, said Harry, you don't need to try out, I watched you play for five years. . . .You mustn't start off like that, she said warningly. For all you know, there's someone much better than me out there. Good teams have been ruined before now because Captains just kept playing the old faces, or letting in their friends. ...Ron looked a little uncomfortable and began playing with the Fanged Frisbee Hermione had taken from the fourth-year student. It zoomed around the common room, snarling and attempting to take bites of the tapestry. Crookshanks's yellow eyes followed it and he hissed when it came too close.An hour later they reluctantly left the sunlit common room for the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom four floors below. Hermione was already queuing outside, carrying an armful of heavy books and looking put-upon.We got so much homework for Runes, she said anxiously when Harry and Ron joined her. A fifteen-inch essay, two translations, and I've got to read these by Wednesday!Shame, yawned Ron.You wait, she said resentfully. I bet Snape gives us loads.The classroom door opened as she spoke, and Snape stepped into the corridor, his sallow face framed as ever by two curtains of greasy black hair. Silence fell over the queue immediately.Inside, he said.Harry looked around as they entered. Snape had imposed his personality upon the room already	 it was gloomier than usual, as curtains had been drawn over the windows, and was lit by candlelight. New pictures adorned the walls, many of them showing people who appeared to be in pain, sporting grisly injuries or strangely contorted body parts. Nobody spoke as they settled down, looking around at the shadowy, gruesome pictures.I have not asked you to take out your books, said Snape, closing the door and moving to face the class from behind his desk	 Hermione hastily dropped her copy of Confronting the Faceless back into her bag and stowed it under her chair. I wish to speak to you, and I want your fullest attention.His black eyes roved over their upturned faces, lingering for a fraction of a second longer on Harry's than anyone else's.You have had five teachers in this subject so far, I believe.You believe . . . like you haven't watched them all come and go, hoping you'd be next, thought Harry scathingly.Naturally, these teachers will all have had their own methods and priorities. Given this confusion I am surprised so many of you scraped an O.WL. in this subject. I shall be even more surprised if all of you manage to keep up with the N.E.W.T. work, which will be more advanced.Snape set off around the edge of the room, speaking now in a lower voice	 the class craned their necks to keep him in view. The Dark Arts, said Snape, are many, varied, ever-changing, and eternal. Fighting them is like fighting a many-headed monster, which, each time a neck is severed, sprouts a head even fiercer and cleverer than before. You are fighting that which is unfixed, mutating, indestructible.Harry stared at Snape. It was surely one thing to respect theDark Arts as a dangerous enemy, another to speak of them, as Snape was doing, with a loving caress in his voice?Your defenses, said Snape, a little louder, must therefore be as flexible and inventive as rhe arts you seek to undo. These pictures - he indicated a few of them as he swept past - give a fair representation of what happens to those who suffer, for instance, the Cruciatus Curse - he waved a hand toward a witch who was clearly shrieking in agony - feel the Dementor's Kiss - a wizard lying huddled and blank-eyed, slumped against a wall - or provoke the aggression of the Inferius - a bloody mass upon ground.Has an Inferius been seen, then? said Parvati Patil in a high pitched voice. Is it definite, is he using them?The Dark Lord has used Inferi in the past, said Snape, which means you would be well-advised to assume he might use them again. Now. . . He set off again around the other side of the classroom toward his desk, and again, they watched him as he walked, his dark robes billowing behind him. ,. . . you are, I believe, complete novices in the use of nonverbal spells. What is the advantage of a nonverbal spell?Hermione's hand shot into the air. Snape took his time looking around at everybody else, making sure he had no choice, before saying curtly, Very well - Miss Granger?Your adversary has no warning about what kind of magic you're about to perform, said Hermione, which gives you a split-second advantage.An answer copied almost word for word from The Standard Book of Spells, Grade Six, said Snape dismissively (over in the corner, Malfoy sniggered), but correct in essentials. Yes, those who progress in using magic without shouting incantations gain an element of surprise in their spell-casting. Not all wizards can do this, of course	 it is a question of concentration and mind power which some -his gaze lingered maliciously upon Harry once more - lack.Harry knew Snape was thinking of their disastrous Occlumency lessons of the previous year. He refused to drop his gaze, but glowered at Snape until Snape looked away.You will now divide, Snape went on, into pairs. One partner will attempt jinx the other without speaking. The other will attempt to repel the jinx in equal silence. Carry on.Although Snape did not know it, Harry had taught at least half the class (everyone who had been a member of the D.A.) how to perform a Shield Charm the previous year. None of them had ever cast the charm without speaking, however. A reasonable amount of cheating ensued	 many people were merely whispering the incantation instead of saying it aloud. Typically, ten minutes into the lesson Hermione managed to repel Neville's muttered Jelly-Legs Jinx without uttering a single word, a feat that would surely have earned her twenty points for Gryffindor from any reasonable teacher, thought Harry bitterly, but which Snape ignored. Heswept between them as they practiced, looking just as much like an overgrown bat as ever, lingering to watch Harry and Ron struggling with the task.Ron, who was supposed to be jinxing Harry, was purple in the face, his lips tightly compressed to save himself from the temptation of muttering the incantation. Harry had his wand raised, waitingon tenterhooks to repel a jinx that seemed unlikely ever to come.Pathetic, Weasley, said Snape, after a while. Here -- let me show you -He turned his wand on Harry so fast that Harry reacted instinctively	 all thought of nonverbal spells forgotten, he yelled, Protego!His Shield Charm was so strong Snape was knocked off-balance and hit a desk. The whole class had looked around and now watched as Snape righted himself, scowling.Do you remember me telling you we are practicing nonverbal spells, Potter?Yes, said Harry stiffly.Yes, sir.There's no need to call me 'sir,' Professor. The words had escaped him before he knew what he was saying. Several people gasped, including Hermione. Behind Snape, however , Ron, Dean, and Seam us grinned appreciatively.Detention, Saturday night, my office, said Snape. I do not take cheek from anyone, Potter . . . not even 'the Chosen One.'That was brilliant, Harry! chortled Ron, once they were safely on their way to break a short while later.You really shouldn't have said it, said Hermione, frowning at Ron. What made you?He tried to jinx me, in case you didn't notice! fumed Harry. I had enough of that during those Occlumency lessons! Why doesn't he use another guinea pig for a change? What's Dumbledore playing at, anyway, letting him teach Defense? Did you hear him talking about the Dark Arts? He loves them! All that unfixed, tndestructble stuff --Well, said Hermione, I thought he sounded a bit like you.Like me?Yes, when you were telling us what it's like to face Voldemort. You said it wasn't just memorizing a bunch of spells, you said it was just you and your brains and your guts - well, wasn't that what Snape was saying? That it really comes down to being brave and quick-thinking?Harry was so disarmed that she had thought his words as well worth memorizing as The Standard Book of Spells that he did not argue.Harry! Hey, Harry!Harry looked around	 Jack Sloper, one of the Beaters on last year's Gryffindor Quidditch team, was hurrying toward him holding a roll of parchment.For you, panted Sloper. Listen, 1 heard you're the new Captain. When're you holding trials?I'm not sure yet, said Harry, thinking privately that Sloper would be very lucky to get back on the team. I'll let you know.Oh, right. I was hoping it'd be this weekend -But Harry was not listening	 he had just recognized the thin, slanting writing on the parchment. Leaving Sloper in mid-sentence, he hurried away with Ron and Hermione, unrolling the parchment as he went.Dear Harry,I would like to start our private lessons this Saturday. Kindly come along to my office at 8 P.M. I hope you are enjoying your first day back at school.Yours sincerely,Albus DumbledoreP.S. I enjoy Acid Pops.He enjoys Acid Pops? said Ron, who had read the message over Harry's shoulder and was looking perplexed.It's the password to get past the gargoyle outside his study, said Harry in a low voice. Ha! Snape's not going to be pleased. . . . I won't be able to do his detention!He, Ron, and Hermione spent the whole of break speculating on what Dumbledore would teach Harry. Ron thought it most likely to be spectacular jinxes and hexes of the type the Death Eaters would not know. Hermione said such things were illegal, and thought it much more likely that Dumbledore wanted to teach Harry advanced Defensive magic. After break, she went off to Arithmancy while Harry and Ron returned to the common room where they grudgingly started Snape's homework. This turned out to be so complex that they still had not finished when Hermione joined them for their after-lunch free period (though she considerably speeded up the process). They had only just finished when the bell rang for the afternoon's double Potions and they beat the familiar path down to the dungeon classroom that had, for so long, been Snape's.When they arrived in the corridor they saw that there were only a dozen people progressing to N.E.W.T. level. Crabbe and Goyle had evidently failed to achieve the required O.W.L. grade, but four Slytherins had made it through, including Malfoy. Four Ravenclaws were there, and one Hufflepuff, Ernie Macmillan, whom Harry liked despite his rather pompous manner.Harry, Ernie said portentously, holding out his hand as Harry approached, didn't get a chance to speak in Defense Against The Dark Arts this morning. Good lesson, I thought, but Shield Charms are old hat, of course, for us old D.A. lags . . . And how are you, Ron -- Hermione?Before they could say more than fine, the dungeon door opened and Slughorn's belly preceded him out of the door. As they filed into the room, his great walrus mustache curved above his beaming mouth, and he greeted Harry and Zabini with particular enthusiasm.The dungeon was, most unusually, already full of vapors and odd smells. Harry, Ron, and Hermione sniffed interestedly as they passed large, bubbling cauldrons. The four Slytherins took a table together, as did the four Ravenclaws. This left Harry, Ron, and Hermione to share a table with Ernie. They chose the one nearest a gold-colored cauldron that was emitting one of the most seductive scents Harry had ever inhaled: Somehow it reminded him simultaneously of treacle tart, the woody smell of a broomstick handle, and something flowery he thought he might have smelled at the Burrow. He found that he was breathing very slowly and deeply and that the potion's fumes seemed to be filling him up like drink. A great contentment stole over him
Half-Blood Prince=For or the rest of the week's Potions lessons Harry continued to follow the Half-Blood Prince's instructions wherever they de-viated from Libatius Borage's, with the result that by their fourth lesson Slughorn was raving about Harrys abilities, saying that he had rarely taught anyone so talented. Neither Ron nor Hermione was delighted by this. Although Harry had offered to share his book with both of them, Ron had more difficulty deciphering the handwriting than Harry did, and could not keep asking Harry to read aloud or it might look suspicious. Hermione, meanwhile, was resolutely plowing on with what she called the official instruc-tions, but becoming increasingly bad-tempered as they yielded poorer results than the Prince's.Harry wondered vaguely who the Half-Blood Prince had been. Although the amount of homework they had been given prevented him from reading the whole of his copy of Advanced Potion-Making, he had skimmed through it sufficiently to see that there was barely a page on which the Prince had not made additional notes, not all of them concerned with potion-making. Here and there were direc-tions for what looked like spells that the Prince had made up himself.Or herself, said Hermione irritably, overhearing Harry point-ing some of these out to Ron in the common room on Saturday evening. It might have been a girl. I think the handwriting looks more like a girl's than a boy's.The Half-Blood Prince, he was called, Harry said. How many girls have been Princes?Hermione seemed to have no answer to this. She merely scowled and twitched her essay on The Principles of Rematerialization away from Ron, who was trying to read it upside down.Harry looked at his watch and hurriedly put the old copy of Advanced Potion-Making back into his bag.It's five to eight, I'd better go, I'll be late for Dumbledore.Ooooh! gasped Hermione, looking up at once. Good luck! We'll wait up, we want to hear what he teaches you!Hope it goes okay, said Ron, and the pair of them watched Harry leave through the portrait hole.Harry proceeded through deserted corridors, though he had to step hastily behind a statue when Professor Trelawney appeared around a corner, muttering to herself as she shuffled a pack of dirty-looking playing cards, reading them as she walked.Two of spades: conflict, she murmured, as she passed the place where Harry crouched, hidden. Seven of spades: an ill omen. Ten of spades: violence. Knave of spades: a dark young man, possibly troubled, one who dislikes the questioner She stopped dead, right on the other side of Harry's statue.Well, that can't be right, she said, annoyed, and Harry heard her reshuffling vigorously as she set off again, leaving nothing but a whiff of cooking sherry behind her. Harry waited until he was quite sure she had gone, then hurried off again until he reached the spot in the seventh-floor corridor where a single gargoyle stood against the wall.Acid Pops, said Harry, and the gargoyle leapt aside	 the wall behind it slid apart, and a moving spiral stone staircase was re-vealed, onto which Harry stepped, so that he was carried in smooth circles up to the door with the brass knocker that led to Dumbledore's Office.Harry knocked.Come in, said Dumbledore s voice.Good evening, sir, said Harry, walking into the headmaster's office.Ah, good evening, Harry. Sit down, said Dumbledore, smil-ing. I hope you've had an enjoyable first week back at school? Yes, thanks, sir, said Harry.You must have been busy, a detention under your belt already! Er, began Harry awkwardly, but Dumbledore did not look too stern.I have arranged with Professor Snape that you will do your de-tention next Saturday instead.Right, said Harry, who had more pressing matters on his mind than Snapes detention, and now looked around surreptitiously for some indication of what Dumbledore was planning to do with him this evening. The circular office looked just as it always did	 the delicate silver instruments stood on spindle-legged tables, puff-ing smoke and whirring	 portraits of previous headmasters and headmistresses dozed in their frames, and Dumbledore's magnifi-cent phoenix, Fawkes, stood on his perch behind the door, watch-ing Harry with bright interest. It did not even look as though Dumbledore had cleared a space for dueling practice.So, Harry, said Dumbledore, in a businesslike voice. You have been wondering, I am sure, what I have planned for you dur-ing these  for want of a better word  lessons?Yes, sir.Well, I have decided that it is time, now that you know what prompted Lord Voldemort to try and kill you fifteen years ago, for you to be given certain information. There was a pause.You said, at the end of last term, you were going to tell me everything, said Harry. It was hard to keep a note of accusation from his voice. Sir, he added.And so I did, said Dumbledore placidly. I told you everything I know. From this point forth, we shall be leaving the firm founda-tion of fact and journeying together through the murky marshes of memory into thickets of wildest guesswork. From here on in, Harry, I may be as woefully wrong as Humphrey Belcher, who be-lieved the time was ripe for a cheese cauldron.But you think you're right? said Harry.Naturally I do, but as I have already proven to you, I make mis-takes like the next man. In fact, being  forgive me  rather clev-erer than most men, my mistakes tend to be correspondingly huger.Sir, said Harry tentatively, does what you're going to tell me have anything to do with the prophecy? Will it help me . . . survive?It has a very great deal to do with the prophecy, said Dumble-dore, as casually as if Harry had asked him about the next days weather, and I certainly hope that it will help you to survive,.Dumbledore got to his feet and walked around the desk, past Harry, who turned eagerly in his seat to watch Dumbledore bend-ing over the cabinet beside the door. When Dumbledore straight-ened up, he was holding a familiar shallow stone basin etched with odd markings around its rim. He placed the Pensieve on the desk in front of Harry.You look worried.Harry had indeed been eyeing the Pensieve with some appre-hension. His previous experiences with the odd device that stored and revealed thoughts and memories, though highly instructive, had also been uncomfortable. The last time he had disturbed its contents, he had seen much more than he would have wished. But Dumbledore was smiling.This time, you enter the Pensieve with me . . . and, even more unusually, with permission.Where are we going, sir?For a trip down Bob Ogden's memory lane, said Dumbledore, pulling from his pocket a crystal bottle containing a swirling silvery-white substance.Who was Bob Ogden?He was employed by the Department of Magical Law Enforce-ment, said Dumbledore. He died some time ago, but not before I had tracked him down and persuaded him to confide these recol-lections to me. We are about to accompany him on a visit he made in the course of his duties. If you will stand, Harry ...But Dumbledore was having difficulty pulling out the stopper of the crystal bottle: His injured hand seemed stiff and painful.Shall shall I, sir?No matter, Harry Dumbledore pointed his wand at the bottle and the cork flew out.Sir  how did you injure your hand? Harry asked again, look-ing at the blackened fingers with a mixture of revulsion and pity.Now is not the moment for that story, Harry. Not yet. We have an appointment with Bob Ogden.Dumbledore tipped the silvery contents of the bottle into the Pensieve, where they swirled and shimmered, neither liquid nor gas. After you, said Dumbledore, gesturing toward the bowl. Harry bent forward, took a deep breath, and plunged his face into the silvery substance. He felt his feet leave the office floor	 he was falling, falling through whirling darkness and then, quite sud-denly, he was blinking in dazzling sunlight. Before his eyes had adjusted, Dumbledore landed beside him.They were standing in a country lane bordered by high, tangled hedgerows, beneath a summer sky as bright and blue as a forget-me-not. Some ten feet in front of them stood a short, plump man wearing enormously thick glasses that reduced his eyes to molelike specks. He was reading a wooden signpost that was sticking out of the brambles on the left-hand side of the road. Harry knew this must be Ogden	 he was the only person in sight, and he was also wearing the strange assortment of clothes so often chosen by inex-perienced wizards trying to look like Muggles: in this case, a frock coat and spats over a striped one-piece bathing costume. Before Harry had time to do more than register his bizarre appearance, however, Ogden had set off at a brisk walk down the lane.Dumbledore and Harry followed. As they passed the wooden sign, Harry looked up at its two arms. The one pointing back the way they had come read: Great Hangleton, 5 miles. The arm pointing after Ogden said Little Hangleton, 1 mile.They walked a short way with nothing to see but the hedgerows, the wide blue sky overhead and the swishing, frock-coated figure ahead. Then the lane curved to the left and fell away, sloping steeply down a hillside, so that they had a sudden, unexpected view of a whole valley laid out in front of them. Harry could see a vil-lage, undoubtedly Little Hangleton, nestled between two steep hills, its church and graveyard clearly visible. Across the valley, set on the opposite hillside, was a handsome manor house surrounded by a wide expanse of velvety green lawn.Ogden had broken into a reluctant trot due to the steep down-ward slope. Dumbledore lengthened his stride, and Harry hurried to keep up. He thought Little Hangleton must be their final desti-nation and wondered, as he had done on the night they had found Slughorn, why they had to approach it from such a distance. He soon discovered that he was mistaken in thinking that they were going to the village, however. The lane curved to the right and when they rounded the corner, it was to see the very edge of Ogden's frock coat vanishing through a gap in the hedge.Dumbledore and Harry followed him onto a narrow dirt track bordered by higher and wilder hedgerows than those they had left behind. The path was crooked, rocky, and potholed, sloping down-hill like the last one, and it seemed to be heading for a patch of dark trees a little below them. Sure enough, the track soon opened upat the copse, and Dumbledore and Harry came to a halt behind Ogden, who had stopped and drawn his wand.Despite the cloudless sky, the old trees ahead cast deep, dark, cool shadows, and it was a few seconds before Harry's eyes discerned the building half-hidden amongst the tangle of trunks. It seemed to him a very strange location to choose for a house, or else an odd decision to leave the trees growing nearby, blocking all light and the view of the valley below. He wondered whether it was inhabited	 its walls were mossy and so many tiles had fallen off the roof that the rafters were visible in places. Nettles grew all around it, their tips reaching the windows, which were tiny and thick with grime. Just as he had concluded that nobody could possibly live there, however, one of the windows was thrown open with a clatter, and a thin trickle of steam or smoke issued from it, as though somebody was cooking.Ogden moved forward quietly and, it seemed to Harry, rather cautiously. As the dark shadows of the trees slid over him, he stopped again, staring at the front door, to which somebody had nailed a dead snake.Then there was a rustle and a crack, and a man in rags dropped from the nearest tree, landing on his feet right in front of Ogden, who leapt backward so fast he stood on the tails of his frock coat and stumbled.You're not welcome.The man standing before them had thick hair so matted with dirt it could have been any color. Several of his teeth were missing. His eyes were small and dark and stared in opposite directions. He might have looked comical, but he did not	 the effect was frighten-ing, and Harry could not blame Ogden for backing away several more paces before he spoke.Er  good morning. I'm from the Ministry of Magic  You're not welcome.Er  I'm sorry  I don't understand you, said Ogden nervously.Harry thought Ogden was being extremely dim	 the stranger was making himself very clear in Harry's opinion, particularly as he was brandishing a wand in one hand and a short and rather bloody knife in the other.You understand him, I'm sure, Harry? said Dumbledore quietly. Yes, of course, said Harry, slightly nonplussed. Why can't Ogden  ?But as his eyes found the dead snake on the door again, he sud-denly understood.He's speaking Parseltongue?Very good, said Dumbledore, nodding and smiling.The man in rags was now advancing on Ogden, knife in one hand, wand in the other.Now, look  Ogden began, but too late: There was a bang, and Ogden was on the ground, clutching his nose, while a nasty yellowish goo squirted from between his fingers.Morfin! said a loud voice.An elderly man had come hurrying out of the cottage, banging the door behind him so that the dead snake swung pathetically. This man was shorter than the first, and oddly proportioned	 his shoulders were very broad and his arms overlong, which, with his bright brown eyes, short scrubby hair, and wrinkled face, gave him the look of a powerful, aged monkey. He came to a halt beside the man with the knife, who was now cackling with laughter at the sight of Ogden on the ground.Ministry, is it? said the older man, looking down at Ogden. Correct! said Ogden angrily, dabbing his face. And you, I take it, are Mr. Gaunt?S'right, said Gaunt. Got you in the face, did he? Yes, he did! snapped Ogden.Should've made your presence known, shouldn't you? said Gaunt aggressively. This is private property. Can't just walk in here and not expect my son to defend himself.Defend himself against what, man? said Ogden, clambering back to his feet.Busybodies. Intruders. Muggles and filth. Ogden pointed his wand at his own nose, which was still issuing large amounts of what looked like yellow pus, and the flow stopped at once. Mr. Gaunt spoke out of the corner of his mouth to Morfin. Get in the house. Don't argue.This time, ready for it, Harry recognized Parseltongue	 even while he could understand what was being said, he distinguished the weird hissing noise that was all Ogden could hear. Morfin seemed to be on the point of disagreeing, but when his father cast him a threatening look he changed his mind, lumbering away to the cottage with an odd rolling gait and slamming the front door behind him, so that the snake swung sadly again.It's your son I'm here to see, Mr. Gaunt, said Ogden, as he mopped the last of the pus from the front of his coat. That was Morfin, wasn't it?At, that was Morfin, said the old man indifferently. Are you pure-blood? he asked, suddenly aggressive.That's neither here nor there, said Ogden coldly, and Harry felt his respect for Ogden rise. Apparently Gaunt felt rather differently.He squinted into Ogdens lace and muttered, in what was clearly supposed to be an offensive tone, Now I come to think about it, I've seen noses like yours down in the village.I don't doubt it, if your sons been let loose on them, said Og-den. Perhaps we could continue this discussion inside?Inside?Yes, Mr. Gaunt. I've already told you. I'm here about Morfin. We sent an owl I've no use for owls, said Gaunt. I don't open letters.Then you can hardly complain that you get no warning of vis-itors, said Ogden tartly. I am here following a serious breach of Wizarding law, which occurred here in the early hours of this morning All right, all right, all right! bellowed Gaunt. Come in the bleeding house, then, and much good it'll do you!The house seemed to contain three tiny rooms. Two doors led off the main room, which served as kitchen and living room com-bined. Morfin was sitting in a filthy armchair beside the smoking fire, twisting a live adder between his thick fingers and crooning softly at it in Parseltongue:Hissy, hissy, little snakey,Slither on the floorYou be good to MorfinOr he'll nail you to the door.There was a scuffling noise in the corner beside the open win-dow, and Harry realized that there was somebody else in the room, a girl whose ragged gray dress was the exact color of the dirty stonewall behind her. She was standing beside a steaming pot on a grimy black stove, and was fiddling around with the shelf of squalid-looking pots and pans above it. Her hair was lank and dull and she had a plain, pale, rather heavy face. Her eyes, like her brother's, stared in opposite directions. She looked a little cleaner than the two men, but Harry thought he had never seen a more defeated-looking person.M'daughter, Merope, said Gaunt grudgingly, as Ogden lookedinquiringly toward her.Good morning, said Ogden.She did not answer, but with a frightened glance at her father turned her back on the room and continued shifting the pots on the shelf behind her.Well, Mr. Gaunt, said Ogden, to get straight to the point, we have reason to believe that your son, Morfin, performed magic in front of a Muggle late last night.There was a deafening clang. Merope had dropped one of the pots.Pick it up! Gaunt bellowed at her. That's it, grub on the floor like some filthy Muggle, what's your wand for, you useless sack of muck?Mr. Gaunt, please! said Ogden in a shocked voice, as Merope, who had already picked up the pot, flushed blotchily scarlet, lost her grip on the pot again1 drew her wand shakily from her pocket, pointed it at the pot, and muttered a hasty, inaudible spell that caused the pot to shoot across the floor away from her, hit the op-posite wall, and crack in two.Morfin let out a mad cackle of laughter. Gaunt screamed, Mend it, you pointless lump, mend it!Merope stumbled across the room, but before she had time to raise her wand, Ogden had lifted his own and said firmly, Reparo.  The pot mended itself instantly.Gaunt looked for a moment as though he was going to shout at Ogden, but seemed to think better of it: Instead, he jeered at his daughter, Lucky the nice man from the Ministry's here, isn't it? Perhaps he'll take you off my hands, perhaps he doesn't mind dirty Squibs. . . .Without looking at anybody or thanking Ogden, Merope picked up the pot and returned it, hands trembling, to its shelf. She then stood quite still, her back against the wall between the filthy window and the stove, as though she wished for nothing more than to sink into the stone and vanish.Mr. Gaunt, Ogden began again, as I've said: the reason for my visit I heard you the first time! snapped Gaunt. And so what? Morfin gave a Muggle a bit of what was coming to him  what about it, then?Morfin has broken Wizarding law, said Ogden sternly.'Morfin has broken Wizarding law.' Gaunt imitated Ogdens voice, making it pompous and singsong. Morfin cackled again. He taught a filthy Muggle a lesson, that's illegal now, is it?Yes, said Ogden. I'm afraid it is.He pulled from an inside pocket a small scroll of parchment and unrolled it.What's that, then, his sentence? said Gaunt, his voice rising angrily.It is a summons to the Ministry for a hearing Summons! Summons? Who do you think you are, summoning my son anywhere?I'm Head of the Magical Law Enforcement Squad, said Ogden.And you think we're scum, do you? screamed Gaunt, advanc-ing on Ogden now, with a dirty yellow-nailed finger pointing at his chest. Scum who'll come running when the Ministry tells 'em to? Do you know who you're talking to, you filthy little Mudblood, do you?I was under the impression that I was speaking to Mr. Gaunt, said Ogden, looking wary, but standing his ground.That's right! roared Gaunt. For a moment, Harry thought Gaunt was making an obscene hand gesture, but then realized that he was showing Ogden the ugly, black-stoned ring he was wearing on his middle finger, waving it before Ogden's eyes. See this? See this? Know what it is? Know where it came from? Centuries it's been in our family, that's how far back we go, and pure-blood all the way! Know how much I've been offered for this, with the Peverell coat of arms engraved on the stone?I've really no idea, said Ogden, blinking as the ring sailed within an inch of his nose, and it's quite beside the point, Mr. Gaunt. Your son has committed With a howl of rage, Gaunt ran toward his daughter. For a split second, Harry thought he was going to throttle her as his hand flew to her throat	 next moment, he was dragging her toward Ogden by a gold chain around her neck.See this? he bellowed at Ogden, shaking a heavy gold locket at him, while Merope spluttered and gasped for breath.I see it, I see it! said Ogden hastily.Slytherins! yelled Gaunt. Salazar Slytherin's! We're his last liv-ing descendants, what do you say to that, eh?Mr. Gaunt, your daughter! said Ogden in alarm, but Gaunt had already released Merope	 she staggered away from him, back to her corner, massaging her neck and gulping for air.So! said Gaunt triumphantly, as though he had just proved a complicated point beyond all possible dispute. Don't you go talk-ing to us as if we're dirt on your shoes! Generations of purebloods, wizards all  more than you can say, I don't doubt!And he spat on the floor at Ogdens feet. Morfin cackled again. Merope, huddled beside the window, her head bowed and her face hidden by her lank hair, said nothing.Mr. Gaunt, said Ogden doggedly, I am afraid that neither your ancestors nor mine have anything to do with the matter in hand. I am here because of Morfin, Morfin and the Muggle he ac-costed late last night. Our information  he glanced down at his scroll of parchment  is that Morfin performed a jinx or hex on the said Muggle, causing him to erupt in highly painful hives.Morfin giggled.Be quiet, boy, snarled Gaunt in Parseltongue, and Morfin fell silent again.And so what if he did, then? Gaunt said defiantly to Ogden, I expect you've wiped the Muggle's filthy face clean for him, and his memory to boot That's hardly the point, is it, Mr. Gaunt? said Ogden. This was an unprovoked attack on a defenseless Ar, I had you marked out as a Muggle-lover the moment I saw you, sneered Gaunt, and he spat on the floor again.This discussion is getting us nowhere, said Ogden firmly. It is clear from your son's attitude that he feels no remorse for his ac-tions. He glanced down at his scroll of parchment again. Morfin will attend a hearing on the fourteenth of September to answer the charges of using magic in front of a Muggle and causing harm and distress to that same Mugg Ogden broke off. The jingling, clopping sounds of horses and loud, laughing voices were drifting in through the open window. Apparently the winding lane to the village passed very close to the copse where the house stood. Gaunt froze, listening, his eyes wide. Morfin hissed and turned his face toward the sounds, his expression hungry. Merope raised her head. Her face, Harry saw, was starkly white.My God, what an eyesore! rang out a girl's voice, as clearly au-dible through the open window as if she had stood in the room be-side them. Couldn't your father have that hovel cleared away, Tom?It's not ours, said a young man's voice. Everything on the other side of the valley belongs to us, but that cottage belongs to an old tramp called Gaunt, and his children. The son's quite mad, you should hear some of the stories they tell in the village The girl laughed. The jingling, clopping noises were growing louder and louder. Morfin made to get out of his armchair. , Keep your seat, said his father warningly, in Parseltongue.Tom, said the girl's voice again, now so close they were clearly right beside the house, I might be wrong  but has somebody nailed a snake to that door?Good lord, you're right! said the man's voice. That'll be the son, I told you he's not right in the head. Don't look at it, Cecilia, darling.The jingling and clopping sounds were now growing faint again.'Darling,' whispered Morfin in Parseltongue, looking at his sister. 'Darling, he called her. So he wouldn't have you anyway.Merope was so white Harry felt sure she was going to faint.What's that? said Gaunt sharply, also in Parseltongue, looking from his son to his daughter. What did you say, Morfin?She likes looking at that Muggle, said Morfin, a vicious expression on his face as he stared at his sister, who now looked terrified. Always in the garden when he passes, peering through the hedge at him, isn't she? And last night  Merope shook her head jerkily, imploringly, but Morfin went on ruthlessly, Hanging out of the window waiting for him to ride home, wasn't she?Hanging out of the window to look at a Muggle? said Gaunt quietly.All three of the Gaunts seemed to have forgotten Ogden, who was looking both bewildered and irritated at this renewed outbreak of incomprehensible hissing and rasping.Is it true? said Gaunt in a deadly voice, advancing a step or two toward the terrified girl. My daughterpure-blooded descendant of Salazar Slytherin  hankering after a filthy, dirt-veined Muggle?Merope shook her head frantically, pressing herself into the wall, apparently unable to speak.But I got him, Father! cackled Morfin. I got him as he went by and he didn't look so pretty with hives all over him, did he, Merope?You disgusting little Squib, you filthy little blood traitor! roared Gaunt, losing control, and his hands closed around his daughter's throat.Both Harry and Ogden yelled No! at the same time	 Ogden raised his wand and cried, Relaskio!Gaunt was thrown backward, away from his daughter
Half-Blood Prince=As Hermione had predicted, the sixth years' free periods were not the hours of blissful relaxation Ron had antici-pated, but times in which to attempt to keep up with the vast amount of homework they were being set. Not only were they studying as though they had exams every day, but the lessons them-selves had become more demanding than ever before. Harry barely understood half of what Professor McGonagall said to them these days	 even Hermione had had to ask her to repeat instructions once or twice. Incredibly, and to Hermione's increasing resentment, Harry's best subject had suddenly become Potions, thanks to the Half-Blood Prince.Nonverbal spells were now expected, not only in Defense Against the Dark Arts, but in Charms and Transfiguration too. Harry frequently looked over at his classmates in the common room or at mealtimes to see them purple in the face and straining as though they had overdosed on U-No-Poo	 but he knew that they were really struggling to make spells work without saying incanta-tions aloud. It was a relief to get outside into the greenhouses	 they were dealing with more dangerous plants than ever in Herbology, but at least they were still allowed to swear loudly if the Venomous Tentacula seized them unexpectedly from behind.One result of their enormous workload and the frantic hours of practicing nonverbal spells was that Harry, Ron, and Hermione had so far been unable to find time to go and visit Hagrid. He had stopped coming to meals at the staff table, an ominous sign, and on the few occasions when they had passed him in the corridors or out in the grounds, he had mysteriously failed to notice them or hear their greetings.We've got to go and explain, said Hermione, looking up at Hagrid's huge empty chair at the staff table the following Saturday at breakfast.We've got Quidditch tryouts this morning! said Ron. And we're supposed to be practicing that Aguamenti Charm from Flitwick! Anyway, explain what? How are we going to tell him we hated his stupid subject?We didn't hate it! said Hermione.Speak for yourself, I haven't forgotten the skrewts, said Ron darkly. And I'm telling you now, we've had a narrow escape. You didn't hear him going on about his gormless brother  we'd have been teaching Grawp how to tie his shoelaces if we'd stayed.I hate not talking to Hagrid, said Hermione, looking upset.We'll go down after Quidditch, Harry assured her. He too was missing Hagrid, although like Ron he thought that they were bet-ter off without Grawp in their lives. But trials might take all morning, the number of people who have applied. He felt slightly nervous at confronting the first hurdle of his Captaincy. I dunno why the team's this popular all of a sudden.Oh, come on, Harry, said Hermione, suddenly impatient. It's not Quidditch that's popular, it's you! You've never been more in-teresting, and frankly, you've never been more fanciable.Ron gagged on a large piece of kipper. Hermione spared him one look of disdain before turning back to Harry.Everyone knows you've been telling the truth now, don't they? The whole Wizarding world has had to admit that you were right about Voldemort being back and that you really have fought him twice in the last two years and escaped both times. And now they're calling you 'the Chosen One'  well, come on, can't you see why people are fascinated by you?Harry was finding the Great Hall very hot all of a sudden, even though the ceiling still looked cold and rainy.And you've been through all that persecution from the Ministry when they were trying to make out you were unstable and a liar. You can still see the marks on the back of your hand where that evil woman made you write with your own blood, but you stuck to your story anyway. ...You can still see where those brains got hold of me in the Min-istry, look, said Ron, shaking back his sleeves.And it doesn't hurt that you've grown about a foot over the summer either, Hermione finished, ignoring Ron.I'm tall, said Ron inconsequentially.The post owls arrived, swooping down through rain-flecked windows, scattering everyone with droplets of water. Most people were receiving more post than usual	 anxious parents were keen to hear from their children and to reassure them, in turn, that all was well at home. Harry had received no mail since the start of term	 his only regular correspondent was now dead and although he had hoped that Lupin might write occasionally, he had so far been disappointed. He was very surprised, therefore, to see the snowy white Hedwig circling amongst all the brown and gray owls. She landed in front of him carrying a large, square package. A moment later, an identical package landed in front of Ron, crushing beneath it his minuscule and exhausted owl, Pigwidgeon.Ha! said Harry, unwrapping the parcel to reveal a new copy of Advanced Potion-Making, fresh from Flourish and Blotts.Oh good, said Hermione, delighted. Now you can give that graffitied copy back.Are you mad? said Harry. I'm keeping it! Look, I've thought it out He pulled the old copy of Advanced Potion-Making out of his bag and tapped the cover with his wand, muttering, Dijjindo! The cover fell off. He did the same thing with the brand-new book (Hermione looked scandalized). He then swapped the covers, tapped each, and said, Reparo!There sat the Prince's copy, disguised as a new book, and there sat the fresh copy from Flourish and Blotts, looking thoroughly secondhand.I'll give Slughorn back the new one, he can't complain, it cost nine Galleons.Hermione pressed her lips together, looking angry and disap-proving, but was distracted by a third owl landing in front of her carrying that day's copy of the Daily Prophet. She unfolded it hastily and scanned the front page.Anyone we know dead? asked Ron in a determinedly casual voice	 he posed the same question every time Hermione opened her paper.No, but there have been more dementor attacks, said Hermi-one. And an arrest.Excellent, who? said Harry, thinking of Bellatrix Lestrange. Stan Shunpike, said Hermione.What? said Harry, startled.'Stanley Shunpike, conductor on the popular Wizarding con-veyance the Knight Bus, has been arrested on suspicion of Death Eater activity. Mr. Shunpike, 21, was taken into custody late last night after a raid on his Clapham home. . .'Stan Shunpike, a Death Eater? said Harry, remembering the spotty youth he had first met three years before. No way!He might have been put under the Imperius Curse, said Ron reasonably. You never can tell.It doesn't look like it, said Hermione, who was still reading. It says here he was arrested after he was overheard talking about the Death Eaters' secret plans in a pub. She looked up with a troubled expression on her face. If he was under the Imperius Curse, he'd hardly stand around gossiping about their plans, would he?It sounds like he was trying to make out he knew more than he did, said Ron. Isn't he the one who claimed he was going to be-come Minister of Magic when he was trying to chat up those veela?Yeah, that's him, said Harry. I dunno what they're playing at, taking Stan seriously.They probably want to look as though they're doing some-thing, said Hermione, frowning. People are terrified  you know the Patil twins' parents want them to go home? And Eloise Midgen has already been withdrawn. Her father picked her up last night.What! said Ron, goggling at Hermione. But Hogwarts is safer than their homes, bound to be! We've got Aurors, and all those extra protective spells, and we've got Dumbledore!I don't think we've got him all the time, said Hermione very quietly, glancing toward the staff table over the top of the Prophet. Haven't you noticed? His seat's been empty as often as Hagrid's this past week.Harry and Ron looked up at the staff table. The headmaster's chair was indeed empty. Now Harry came to think of it, he had not seen Dumbledore since their private lesson a week ago.I think he's left the school to do something with the Order, said Hermione in a low voice. I mean . . . it's all looking serious, isn't it?Harry and Ron did not answer, but Harry knew that they were all thinking the same thing. There had been a horrible incident the day before, when Hannah Abbott had been taken out of Herbology to be told her mother had been found dead. They had not seen Hannah since.When they left the Gryffindor table five minutes later to head down to the Quidditch pitch, they passed Lavender Brown and Parvati Patil. Remembering what Hermione had said about the Patil twins' parents wanting them to leave Hogwarts, Harry was unsurprised to see that the two best friends were whispering to-gether, looking distressed. What did surprise him was that when Ron drew level with them, Parvati suddenly nudged Lavender, who looked around and gave Ron a wide smile. Ron blinked at her, then returned the smile uncertainly. His walk instantly became something more like a strut. Harry resisted the temptation to laugh, re-membering that Ron had refrained from doing so after Malfoy had broken Harry's nose	 Hermione, however, looked cold and distant all the way down to the stadium through the cool, misty drizzle, and departed to find a place in the stands without wishing Ron good luck.As Harry had expected, the trials took most of the morning. Half of Gryffindor House seemed to have turned up, from first years who were nervously clutching a selection of the dreadful old school brooms, to seventh years who towered over the rest, looking coolly intimidating. The latter included a large, wiry-haired boy Harry recognized immediately from the Hogwarts Express.We met on the train, in old Sluggy's compartment, he said confidently, stepping out of the crowd to shake Harry's hand. Cormac McLaggen, Keeper.You didn't try out last year, did you? asked Harry, taking note of the breadth of McLaggen and thinking that he would probably block all three goal hoops without even moving.I was in the hospital wing when they held the trials, said McLaggen, with something of a swagger. Ate a pound of doxy eggs for a bet.Right, said Harry. Well. . . if you wait over there ... He pointed over to the edge of the pitch, close to where Hermi-one was sitting. He thought he saw a flicker of annoyance pass over McLaggen's face and wondered whether McLaggen expected pref-erential treatment because they were both old Sluggy's favorites. Harry decided to start with a basic test, asking all applicants for the team to divide into groups of ten and fly once around the pitch. This was a good decision: the first ten was made up of first years, and it could not have been plainer that they had hardly ever flown before. Only one boy managed to remain airborne for more than a few seconds, and he was so surprised he promptly crashed into one of the goal posts.The second group was comprised of ten of the silliest girls Harry had ever encountered, who, when he blew his whistle, merely fell about giggling and clutching one another. Romilda Vane was amongst them. When he told them to leave the pitch, they did so quite cheerfully and went to sit in the stands to heckle everyone else.The third group had a pileup halfway around the pitch. Most of the fourth group had come without broomsticks. The fifth group were Hufflepuffs.If there's anyone else here who's not from Gryffindor, roared Harry, who was starting to get seriously annoyed, leave now, please!There was a pause, then a couple of little Ravenclaws went sprinting off the pitch, snorting with laughter.After two hours, many complaints, and several tantrums, one in-volving a crashed Comet Two Sixty and several broken teeth, Harry had found himself three Chasers: Katie Bell, returned to the team after an excellent trial	 a new find called Demelza Robins, who was particularly good at dodging Bludgers	 and Ginny Weasley, who had outflown all the competition and scored seventeen goals to boot. Pleased though he was with his choices, Harry had also shouted himself hoarse at the many complainers and was now enduring a similar battle with the rejected Beaters.That's my final decision and if you don't get out of the way of the Keepers I'll hex you, he bellowed.Neither of his chosen Beaters had the old brilliance of Fred and George, but he was still reasonably pleased with them: Jimmy Peakes, a short but broad-chested third-year boy who had managed to raise a lump the size of an egg on the back of Harry's head with a ferociously hit Bludger, and Ritchie Coote, who looked weedy but aimed well. They now joined Katie, Demelza, and Ginny in the stands to watch the selection of their last team member.Harry had deliberately left the trial of the Keepers until last, hoping for an emptier stadium and less pressure on all concerned. Unfortunately, however, all the rejected players and a number of people who had come down to watch after a lengthy breakfast had joined the crowd by now, so that it was larger than ever. As each Keeper flew up to the goal hoops, the crowd roared and jeered in equal measure. Harry glanced over at Ron, who had always had a problem with nerves	 Harry had hoped that winning their final match last term might have cured it, but apparently not: Ron was a delicate shade of green.None of the first five applicants saved more than two goals apiece. To Harry's great disappointment, Cormac McLaggen saved four penalties out of five. On the last one, however, he shot off in completely the wrong direction	 the crowd laughed and booed and McLaggen returned to the ground grinding his teeth.Ron looked ready to pass out as he mounted his Cleansweep Eleven. Good luck! cried a voice from the stands. Harry looked around, expecting to see Hermione, but it was Lavender Brown. He would have quite liked to have hidden his face in his hands, as she did a moment later, but thought that as the Captain he ought to show slightly more grit, and so turned to watch Ron do his trial.Yet he need not have worried: Ron saved one, two, three, four, five penalties in a row. Delighted, and resisting joining in the cheers of the crowd with difficulty, Harry turned to McLaggen to tell him that, most unfortunately, Ron had beaten him, only to find McLaggen's red face inches from his own. He stepped back hastily.His sister didn't really try, said McLaggen menacingly. There was a vein pulsing in his temple like the one Harry had often ad-mired in Uncle Vernon's. She gave him an easy save.Rubbish, said Harry coldly. That was the one he nearly missed.McLaggen took a step nearer Harry, who stood his ground this time.Give me another go.No, said Harry. You've had your go. You saved four. Ron saved five. Ron's Keeper, he won it fair and square. Get out of my way.He thought for a moment that McLaggen might punch him, but he contented himself with an ugly grimace and stormed away, growling what sounded like threats to thin air.Harry turned around to find his new team beaming at him.Well done, he croaked. You flew really well You did brilliantly, Ron!This time it really was Hermione running toward them from the stands	 Harry saw Lavender walking off the pitch, arm in arm with Parvati, a rather grumpy expression on her face. Ron looked extremely pleased with himself and even taller than usual as he grinned at the team and at Hermione.After fixing the time of their first full practice for the following Thursday, Harry, Ron, and Hermione bade good-bye to the rest of the team and headed off toward Hagrid's. A watery sun was trying to break through the clouds now and it had stopped drizzling at last. Harry felt extremely hungry	 he hoped there would be some-thing to eat at Hagrid's.I thought I was going to miss that fourth penalty, Ron was say-ing happily. Tricky shot from Demelza, did you see, had a bit of spin on it Yes, yes, you were magnificent, said Hermione, looking amused.I was better than that McLaggen anyway, said Ron in a highly satisfied voice. Did you see him lumbering off in the wrong direc-tion on his fifth? Looked like he'd been Confunded. ...To Harry's surprise, Hermione turned a very deep shade of pink at these words. Ron noticed nothing
Half-Blood Prince=Where was Dumbledore, and what was he doing?Harry caught sight of the headmaster only twice over the next lew weeks. He rarely appeared at meals anymore, and Harry was sure Hermione was right in thinking that he was leaving the school for days at a time. Had Dumbledore forgotten the lessons he was supposed to be giving Harry? Dumbledore had said that the lessons were leading to something to do with the prophecy	 Harry had felt bolstered, comforted, and now he felt slightly abandoned.Halfway through October came their first trip of the term to Hogsmeade. Harry had wondered whether these trips would still be allowed, given the increasingly tight security measures around the school, but was pleased to know that they were going ahead	 it was always good to get out of the castle grounds for a few hours.Harry woke early on the morning of the trip, which was proving stormy, and whiled away the time until breakfast by reading his copy of Advanced Potion-Making. He did not usually lie in bedreading his textbooks	 that sort of behavior, as Ron rightly said, was indecent in anybody except Hermione, who was simply weird that way. Harry felt, however, that the Half-Blood Princes copy of Advanced Potion-Making hardly qualified as a textbook. The more Harry pored over the book, the more he realized how much was in there, not only the handy hints and shortcuts on potions that was earning him such a glowing reputation with Slughorn, but also the imaginative little jinxes and hexes scribbled in the margins, which Harry was sure, judging by the crossings-out and revisions, that the Prince had invented himself.Harry had already attempted a few of the Prince's self-invented spells. There had been a hex that caused toenails to grow alarmingly fast (he had tried this on Crabbe in the corridor, with very entertaining results)	 a jinx that glued the tongue to the roof of the mouth (which he had twice used, to general applause, on an unsuspecting Argus Filch)	 and, perhaps most useful of all, Muffliato, a spell that filled the ears of anyone nearby with an unidentifiable buzzing, so that lengthy conversations could be held in class with out being overheard. The only person who did not find these charms amusing was Hermione, who maintained a rigidly disapproving expression throughout and refused to talk at all if Harry had used the Muffliato spell on anyone in the vicinity.Sitting up in bed, Harry turned the book sideways so as to examine more closely the scribbled instructions for a spell that seemed to have caused the Prince some trouble. There were many crossings-out and alterations, but finally, crammed into a corner of the page, the scribble:Levicorpus (nvbl)While the wind and sleet pounded relentlessly on the windows, and Neville snored loudly, Harry stared at the letters in brackets. Nvbl . . that had to mean nonverbal. Harry rather doubted he would be able to bring off this particular spell	 he was still having difficulty with nonverbal spells, something Snape had been quick to comment on in every D.A.D.A. class. On the other hand, the Prince had proved a much more effective teacher than Snape so far.Pointing his wand at nothing in particular, he gave it an upward flick and said Levicorpus! inside his head. Aaaaaaaargh!There was a flash of light and the room was full of voices: Everyone had woken up as Ron had let out a yell. Harry sent Advanced Potion-Making flying in panic	 Ron was dangling upside down in midair as though an invisible hook had hoisted him up by the ankle.Sorry! yelled Harry, as Dean and Seamus roared with laughter, and Neville picked himself up from the floor, having fallen out of Bed. Hang on  I'll let you down He groped for the potion book and riffled through it in a panic, trying to find the right page	 at last he located it and decipheredthe cramped word underneath the spell: Praying that this was the counter-jinx, Harry thought Liberacorpus! with all his might. There was another flash of light, and Ron fell in a heap onto his mattress.Sorry, repeated Harry weakly, while Dean and Seamus continued to roar with laughter.Tomorrow, said Ron in a muffled voice, I'd rather you set the alarm clock.By the time they had got dressed, padding themselves out with several of Mrs. Weasleys hand-knitted sweaters and carrying, cloaks, scarves, and gloves, Ron's shock had subsided and he had decided that Harry's new spell was highly amusing	 so amusing, in fact, that he lost no time in regaling Hermione with the story as they sat down for breakfast.... and then there was another flash, of light and I landed on the bed again! Ron grinned, helping himself to sausages.Hermione had not cracked a smile during this anecdote, and now turned an expression of wintry disapproval upon Harry.Was this spell, by any chance, another one from that potion book of yours? she asked.Harry frowned at her.Always jump to the worst conclusion, don't you?Was it?Well. . . yeah, it was, but so what?So you just decided to try out an unknown, handwritten in-cantation and see what would happen?Why does it matter if it's handwritten? said Harry, preferring not to answer the rest of the question.Because its probably not Ministry of Magic approved, said Hermione. And also, she added, as Harry and Ron rolled their eyes, because I'm starting to think this Prince character was a bit dodgy.Both Harry and Ron shouted her down at once.It was a laugh! said Ron, upending a ketchup bottle over his sausages. Just a laugh, Hermione, that's all!Dangling people upside down by the ankle? said Hermi-one. Who puts their time and energy into making up spells like that?Fred and George, said Ron, shrugging, it's their kind of thing. And, erMy dad, said Harry. He had only just remembered.What? said Ron and Hermione together.My dad used this spell, said Harry. I  Lupin told me.'This last part was not true	 in fact, Harry had seen his father use the spell on Snape, but he had never told Ron and Hermione about that particular excursion into the Pensieve. Now, however, a won-derful possibility occurred to him. Could the Half-Blood Prince possibly be  ?Maybe your dad did use it, Harry, said Hermione, but he's not the only one. We've seen a whole bunch of people use it, in case you've forgotten. Dangling people in the air. Making them float along, asleep, helpless.Harry stared at her. With a sinking feeling, he too remembered the behavior of the Death Eaters at the Quidditch World Cup. Ron came to his aid.That was different, he said robustly. They were abusing it. Harry and his dad were just having a laugh. You don't like the Prince, Hermione, he added, pointing a sausage at her sternly, because he's better than you at Potions It's got nothing to do with that! said Hermione, her cheeks reddening. I just think it's very irresponsible to start performing spells when you don't even know what they're for, and stop talking about 'the Prince' as if it's his title, I bet it's just a stupid nickname, and it doesn't seem as though he was a very nice person to me!I don't see where you get that from, said Harry heatedly. If he'd been a budding Death Eater he wouldn't have been boasting about being 'half-blood,' would he?Even as he said it, Harry remembered that his father had been pure-blood, but he pushed the thought out of his mind	 he would worry about that later. . . .The Death Eaters can't all be pure-blood, there aren't enough pure-blood wizards left, said Hermione stubbornly. I expect most of them are half-bloods pretending to be pure. It's only Muggle-borns they hate, they'd be quite happy to let you and Ron join up.There is no way they'd let me be a Death Eater! said Ron in-dignantly, a bit of sausage flying off the fork he was now brandish-ing at Hermione and hitting Ernie Macmillan on the head. My whole family are blood traitors! That's as bad as Muggle-borns to Death Eaters!And they'd love to have me, said Harry sarcastically. We'd be best pals if they didn't keep trying to do me in.This made Ron laugh	 even Hermione gave a grudging smile, and a distraction arrived in the shape of Ginny.Hey, Harry, I'm supposed to give you this.It was a scroll of parchment with Harry's name written upon it in familiar thin, slanting writing.Thanks, Ginny. . . It's Dumbledore's next lesson! Harry told Ron and Hermione, pulling open the parchment and quickly read-ing its contents. Monday evening! He felt suddenly light and happy. Want to join us in Hogsmeade, Ginny? he asked.I'm going with Dean  might see you there, she replied, wav-ing at them as she left.Filch was standing at the oak front doors as usual, checking off the names of people who had permission to go into Hogsmeade. The process took even longer than normal as Filch was triple-checking everybody with his Secrecy Sensor.What does it matter if we're smuggling Dark stuff OUT? de-manded Ron, eyeing the long thin Secrecy Sensor with apprehen-sion. Surely you ought to be checking what we bring back IN?His cheek earned him a few extra jabs with the Sensor, and he was still wincing as they stepped out into the wind and sleet.The walk into Hogsmeade was not enjoyable. Harry wrapped his scarf over his lower face	 the exposed part soon felt both raw and numb. The road to the village was full of students bent double against the bitter wind. More than once Harry wondered whether they might not have had a better time in the warm common room, and when they finally reached Hogsmeade and saw that Zonko's Joke Shop had been boarded up, Harry took it as confirmation that this trip was not destined to be fun. Ron pointed, with a thickly gloved hand, toward Honeydukes, which was mercifully open, and Harry and Hermione staggered in his wake into the crowded shop.Thank God, shivered Ron as they were enveloped by warm, toffee-scented air. Let's stay here all afternoon.Harry, m'boy! said a booming voice from behind them.Oh no, muttered Harry. The three of them turned to see Pro-fessor Slughorn, who was wearing an enormous furry hat and an overcoat with matching fur collar, clutching a large bag of crystalized pineapple, and occupying at least a quarter of the shop.Harry, that's three of my little suppers you've missed now! said Slughorn, poking him genially in the chest. It won't do, m'boy, I'm determined to have you! Miss Granger loves them, don't you?Yes, said Hermione helplessly, they're really So why don't you come along, Harry? demanded Slughorn.Well, I've had Quidditch practice, Professor, said Harry, who had indeed been scheduling practices every time Slughorn had sent him a little, violet ribbon-adorned invitation. This strategy meant that Ron was not left out, and they usually had a laugh with Ginny, imagining Hermione shut up with McLaggen and Zabini.Well, I certainly expect you to win your first match after all the, hard work! said Slughorn. But a little recreation never hurt any body. Now, how about Monday night, you can't possibly want to practice in this weather....I can't, Professor, I've got  er  an appointment with Profes-sor Dumbledore that evening.Unlucky again! cried Slughorn dramatically. Ah, well . . . you can't evade me forever, Harry!And with a regal wave, he waddled out of the shop, taking as lit-tle notice of Ron as though he had been a display of Cockroach Clusters.I can't believe you've wriggled out of another one, said Hermione, shaking her head. They're not that bad, you know. . . They're even quite fun sometimes. . . . But then she caught sight of Ron's expression. Oh, look  they've got deluxe sugar quills  those would last hours!Glad that Hermione had changed the subject, Harry showed much more interest in the new extra-large sugar quills than he would normally have done, but Ron continued to look moody and merely shrugged when Hermione asked him where he wanted to go next.Let's go to the Three Broomsticks, said Harry. It'll be warm.They bundled their scarves back over their faces and left the sweetshop. The bitter wind was like knives on their faces after the sugary warmth of Honeydukes. The street was not very busy
Half-Blood Prince=Katie was removed to St. Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries the following day, by which time the news that she had been cursed had spread all over the school, though the details were confused and nobody other than Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Leanne seemed to know that Katie herself had not been the intended target.Oh, and Malfoy knows, of course, said Harry to Ron and Hermione, who continued their new policy of feigning deafness whenever Harry mentioned his Malfoy-Is-a-Death-Eater theory.Harry had wondered whether Dumbledore would return from wherever he had been in time for Monday night's lesson, but having had no word to the contrary, he presented himself outside Dumbledore's office at eight o'clock, knocked, and was told to enter. There sat Dumbledore looking unusually tired	 his hand was as black and burned as ever, but he smiled when he gestured to Harry to sit down. The Pensieve was sitting on the desk again, casting silvery specks of light over the ceiling.You have had a busy time while I have been away, Dumbledore said. I believe you witnessed Katie's accident.Yes, sir. How is she?Still very unwell, although she was relatively lucky. She appears to have brushed the necklace with the smallest possible amount of skin	 there was a tiny hole in her glove. Had she put it on, had she even held it in her ungloved hand, she would have died, perhaps instantly. Luckily Professor Snape was able to do enough to prevent a rapid spread of the curse ?quot	Why him? asked Harry quickly. Why not Madam Pomfrey?Impertinent, said a soft voice from one of the portraits on the wall, and Phineas Nigellus Black, Sirius's great-great-grandfather, raised his head from his arms where he had appeared to be sleeping. I would not have permitted a student to question the way Hogwarts operated in my day.Yes, thank you, Phineas, said Dumbledore quellingly. Professor Snape knows much more about the Dark Arts than Madam Pomfrey, Harry. Anyway, the St. Mungo's staff are sending me hourly reports, and I am hopeful that Katie will make a full recovery in time.Where were you this weekend, sir? Harry asked, disregarding a strong feeling that he might be pushing his luck, a feeling apparently shared by Phineas Nigellus, who hissed softly.I would rather not say just now, said Dumbledore. However, I shall tell you in due course.You will? said Harry, startled.Yes, I expect so, said Dumbledore, withdrawing a fresh bottle of silver memories from inside his robes and uncorking it with a prod of his wand.Sir, said Harry tentatively, I met Mundungus in Hogsmeade.Ah yes, I am already aware that Mundungus has been treating your inheritance with light-fingered contempt, said Dumbledore, frowning a little. He has gone to ground since you accosted him outside the Three Broomsticks	 I rather think he dreads facing me. However, rest assured that he will not be making away with any more of Sirius's old possessions.That mangy old half-blood has been stealing Black heirlooms? said Phineas Nigellus, incensed	 and he stalked out of his frame, undoubtedly to visit his portrait in number twelve, Grimmauld Place.Professor, said Harry, after a short pause, did Professor McGonagall tell you what I told her after Katie got hurt? About Draco Malfoy?She told me of your suspicions, yes, said Dumbledore.And do you ??I shall take all appropriate measures to investigate anyone who might have had a hand in Katie's accident, said Dumbledore. But what concerns me now, Harry, is our lesson.Harry felt slightly resentful at this: If their lessons were so very important, why had there been such a long gap between the first and second? However, he said no more about Draco Malfoy, but watched as Dumbledore poured the fresh memories into the Pensieve and began swirling the stone basin once more between his long-fingered hands.You will remember, I am sure, that we left the tale of Lord Voldemort's beginnings at the point where the handsome Muggle, Tom Riddle, had abandoned his witch wife, Merope, and returned to his family home in Little Hangleton. Merope was left alone in London, expecting the baby who would one day become Lord Voldemort.How do you know she was in London, sir?Because of the evidence of one Caractacus Burke, said Dumbledore, who, by an odd coincidence, helped found the very shop whence came the necklace we have just been discussing.He swilled the contents of the Pensieve as Harry had seen him swill them before, much as a gold prospector sifts for gold. Up out of the swirling, silvery mass rose a little old man revolving slowly in the Pensieve, silver as a ghost but much more solid, with a thatch of hair that completely covered his eyes.Yes, we acquired it in curious circumstances. It was brought in by a young witch just before Christmas, oh, many years ago now. She said she needed the gold badly, well, that much was obvious. Covered in rags and pretty far along . . . Going to have a baby, see. She said the locket had been Slytherin's. Well, we hear that sort of story all the time, 'Oh, this was Merlin's, this was, his favorite teapot,' but when I looked at it, it had his mark all right, and a few simple spells were enough to tell me the truth. Of course, that made it near enough priceless. She didn't seem to have any idea how much it was worth. Happy to get ten Galleons for it. Best bargain we ever made!Dumbledore gave the Pensieve an extra-vigorous shake and Caractacus Burke descended back into the swirling mass of memory from whence he had come.He only gave her ten Galleons? said Harry indignantly.Caractacus Burke was not famed for his generosity, said Dumbledore. So we know that, near the end of her pregnancy, Merope was alone in London and in desperate need of gold, desperate enough to sell her one and only valuable possession, the locket that was one of Marvolo's treasured family heirlooms.But she could do magic! said Harry impatiently. She could have got food and everything for herself by magic, couldn't she?Ah, said Dumbledore, perhaps she could. But it is my beliefI am guessing again, but I am sure I am right ?that when her husband abandoned her, Merope stopped using magic. I do not think that she wanted to be a witch any longer. Of course, it is also possible that her unrequited love and the attendant despair sapped her of her powers	 that can happen. In any case, as you are about to see, Merope refused to raise her wand even to save her own life.She wouldn't even stay alive for her son?Dumbledore raised his eyebrows. Could you possibly be feeling sorry for Lord Voldemort?No, said Harry quickly, but she had a choice, didn't she, not like my mother ?quot	Your mother had a choice too, said Dumbledore gently. Yes, Merope Riddle chose death in spite of a son who needed her, but do not judge her too harshly, Harry. She was greatly weakened by long suffering and she never had your mother's courage. And now, if you will stand ...Where are we going? Harry asked, as Dumbledore joined him at the front of the desk.This time, said Dumbledore, we are going to enter my memory. I think you will find it both rich in detail and satisfyingly accurate. After you, Harry ...Harry bent over the Pensieve	 his face broke the cool surface of the memory and then he was falling through darkness again. . . . Seconds later, his feet hit firm ground	 he opened his eyes and found that he and Dumbledore were standing in a bustling, old-fashioned London street.There I am, said Dumbledore brightly, pointing ahead of them to a tall figure crossing the road in front of a horse-drawn milk cart.This younger Albus Dumbledore's long hair and beard were auburn. Having reached their side of the street, he strode off along the pavement, drawing many curious glances due to the flamboyantly cut suit of plum velvet that he was wearing.Nice suit, sir, said Harry, before he could stop himself, but Dumbledore merely chuckled as they followed his younger self a short distance, finally passing through a set of iron gates into a bare courtyard that fronted a rather grim, square building surrounded by high railings. He mounted the few steps leading to the front door and knocked once. After a moment or two, the door was opened by a scruffy girl wearing an apron.Good afternoon. I have an appointment with a Mrs. Cole, who, I believe, is the matron here?Oh, said the bewildered-looking girl, taking in Dumbledore's eccentric appearance. Um. . . just a mo' . . . MRS. COLE! she bellowed over her shoulder.Harry heard a distant voice shouting something in response. The girl turned back to Dumbledore. Come in, she's on 'er way.Dumbledore stepped into a hallway tiled in black and white	 the whole place was shabby but spotlessly clean. Harry and the older Dumbledore followed. Before the front door had closed behind them, a skinny, harassed-looking woman came scurrying toward them. She had a sharp-featured face that appeared more anxious than unkind, and she was talking over her shoulder to another aproned helper as she walked toward Dumbledore.. . . and take the iodine upstairs to Martha, Billy Stubbs has been picking his scabs and Eric Whalley's oozing all over his sheets ?chicken pox on top of everything else, she said to nobody in particular, and then her eyes fell upon Dumbledore and she stopped dead in her tracks, looking as astonished as if a giraffe had just crossed her threshold.Good afternoon, said Dumbledore, holding out his hand. Mrs. Cole simply gaped.My name is Albus Dumbledore. I sent you a letter requesting an appointment and you very kindly invited me here today.Mrs. Cole blinked. Apparently deciding that Dumbledore was not a hallucination, she said feebly, Oh yes. Well ?well then ?you'd better come into my room. Yes.She led Dumbledore into a small room that seemed part sitting room, part office. It was as shabby as the hallway and the furniture was old and mismatched. She invited Dumbledore to sit on a rickety chair and seated herself behind a cluttered desk, eyeing him nervously.I am here, as I told you in my letter, to discuss Tom Riddle and arrangements for his future, said Dumbledore.Are you family? asked Mrs. Cole.No, I am a teacher, said Dumbledore. I have come to offer Tom a place at my school.What school's this, then?It is called Hogwarts, said Dumbledore.And how come you're interested in Tom?We believe he has qualities we are looking for.You mean he's won a scholarship? How can he have done? He's never been entered for one.Well, his name has been down for our school since birth ?quot	Who registered him? His parents?There was no doubt that Mrs. Cole was an inconveniently sharp woman. Apparently Dumbledore thought so too, for Harry now saw him slip his wand out of the pocket of his velvet suit, at the same time picking up a piece of perfectly blank paper from Mrs. Cole's desktop.Here, said Dumbledore, waving his wand once as he passed her the piece of paper, I think this will make everything clear.Mrs. Cole's eyes slid out of focus and back again as she gazed intently at the blank paper for a moment.That seems perfectly in order, she said placidly, handing it back. Then her eyes fell upon a bottle of gin and two glasses that had certainly not been present a few seconds before.Er ?may I offer you a glass of gin? she said in an extra-refined voice.Thank you very much, said Dumbledore, beaming.It soon became clear that Mrs. Cole was no novice when it came to gin drinking. Pouring both of them a generous measure, she drained her own glass in one gulp. Smacking her lips frankly, she smiled at Dumbledore for the first time, and he didn't hesitate to press his advantage.I was wondering whether you could tell me anything of Tom Riddle's history? I think he was born here in the orphanage?That's right, said Mrs. Cole, helping herself to more gin. I remember it clear as anything, because I'd just started here myself. New Year's Eve and bitter cold, snowing, you know. Nasty night. And this girl, not much older than I was myself at the time, came staggering up the front steps. Well, she wasn't the first. We took her in, and she had the baby within the hour. And she was dead in another hour.Mrs. Cole nodded impressively and took another generous gulp of gin.Did she say anything before she died? asked Dumbledore. Anything about the boy's father, for instance?Now, as it happens, she did, said Mrs. Cole, who seemed to be rather enjoying herself now, with the gin in her hand and an eager audience for her story. I remember she said to me, 'I hope he looks like his papa,' and I won't lie, she was right to hope it, because she was no beauty ?and then she told me he was to be named Tom, for his father, and Marvolo, for her father ?yes, I know, funny name, isn't it? We wondered whether she came from a circus ?and she said the boy's surname was to be Riddle. And she died soon after that without another word.Well, we named him just as she'd said, it seemed so important to the poor girl, but no Tom nor Marvolo nor any kind of Riddle ever came looking for him, nor any family at all, so he stayed in the orphanage and he's been here ever since.Mrs. Cole helped herself, almost absentmindedly, to another healthy measure of gin. Two pink spots had appeared high on her cheekbones. Then she said, He's a funny boy.Yes, said Dumbledore. I thought he might be.He was a funny baby too. He hardly ever cried, you know. And then, when he got a little older, he was. . . odd.Odd in what way? asked Dumbledore gently.Well, he ?quot	But Mrs. Cole pulled up short, and there was nothing blurry or vague about the inquisitorial glance she shot Dumbledore over her gin glass.He's definitely got a place at your school, you say?Definitely, said Dumbledore.And nothing I say can change that?Nothing, said Dumbledore.You'll be taking him away, whatever?Whatever, repeated Dumbledore gravely.She squinted at him as though deciding whether or not to trust him. Apparently she decided she could, because she said in a sudden rush, He scares the other children.You mean he is a bully? asked Dumbledore.I think he must be, said Mrs. Cole, frowning slightly, but it's very hard to catch him at it. There have been incidents. . . . Nasty things ...Dumbledore did not press her, though Harry could tell that he was interested. She took yet another gulp of gin and her rosy cheeks grew rosier still.Billy Stubbs's rabbit. . . well, Tom said he didn't do it and I don't see how he could have done, but even so, it didn't hang itself from the rafters, did it?I shouldn't think so, no, said Dumbledore quietly.But I'm jiggered if I know how he got up there to do it. All I know is he and Billy had argued the day before. And then ?Mrs. Cole took another swig of gin, slopping a little over her chin this time ?on the summer outing ?we take them out, you know, once a year, to the countryside or to the seaside ?well, Amy Benson and Dennis Bishop were never quite right afterwards, and all we ever got out of them was that they'd gone into a cave with Tom Riddle. He swore they'd just gone exploring, but something happened in there, I'm sure of it. And, well, there have been a lot of things, funny things. . . .She looked around at Dumbledore again, and though her cheeks were flushed, her gaze was steady. I don't think many people will be sorry to see the back of him.You understand, I'm sure, that we will not be keeping him permanently? said Dumbledore. He will have to return here, at the very least, every summer.Oh, well, that's better than a whack on the nose with a rusty poker, said Mrs. Cole with a slight hiccup. She got to her feet, and Harry was impressed to see that she was quite steady, even though two-thirds of the gin was now gone. I suppose you'd like to see him?Very much, said Dumbledore, rising too.She led him out of her office and up the stone stairs, calling out instructions and admonitions to helpers and children as she passed. The orphans, Harry saw, were all wearing the same kind of grayish tunic. They looked reasonably well-cared for, but there was no denying that this was a grim place in which to grow up.Here we are, said Mrs. Cole, as they turned off the second landing and stopped outside the first door in a long corridor. She knocked twice and entered.Tom? You've got a visitor. This is Mr. Dumberton ?sorry, Dunderbore. He's come to tell you ?well, I'll let him do it.Harry and the two Dumbledores entered the room, and Mrs. Cole closed the door on them. It was a small bare room with nothing in it except an old wardrobe and an iron bedstead. A boy was sitting on top of the gray blankets, his legs stretched out in front of him, holding a book.There was no trace of the Gaunts in Tom Riddle's face. Merope had got her dying wish: He was his handsome father in miniature, tall for eleven years old, dark-haired, and pale. His eyes narrowed slightly as he took in Dumbledore's eccentric appearance. There was a moment's silence.How do you do, Tom? said Dumbledore, walking forward and holding out his hand.The boy hesitated, then took it, and they shook hands. Dumbledore drew up the hard wooden chair beside Riddle, so that the pair of them looked rather like a hospital patient and visitor.I am Professor Dumbledore.'Professor'? repeated Riddle. He looked wary. Is that like 'doctor'? What are you here for? Did she get you in to have a look at me?He was pointing at the door through which Mrs. Cole had just left.No, no, said Dumbledore, smiling.I don't believe you, said Riddle. She wants me looked at, doesn't she? Tell the truth!He spoke the last three words with a ringing force that was almost shocking. It was a command, and it sounded as though he had given it many times before. His eyes had widened and he was glaring at Dumbledore, who made no response except to continue smiling pleasantly. After a few seconds Riddle stopped glaring, though he looked, if anything, warier still.Who are you?I have told you. My name is Professor Dumbledore and I work at a school called Hogwarts. I have come to offer you a place at my school ?your new school, if you would like to come.Riddle's reaction to this was most surprising. He leapt from the bed and backed away from Dumbledore, looking furious.You can't kid me! The asylum, that's where you're from, isn't it? 'Professor,' yes, of course ?well, I'm not going, see? That old cat's the one who should be in the asylum. I never did anything to little Amy Benson or Dennis Bishop, and you can ask them, they'll tell you!I am not from the asylum, said Dumbledore patiently. I am a teacher and, if you will sit down calmly, I shall tell you about Hogwarts. Of course, if you would rather not come to the school, nobody will force you ?quot	I'd like to see them try, sneered Riddle.Hogwarts, Dumbledore went on, as though he had not heard Riddle's last words, is a school for people with special abilities ?quot
Half-Blood Prince=Harry had Herbology first thing the following morning. He had been unable to tell Ron and Hermione about his lesson with Dumbledore over breakfast for fear of being over-heard, but he filled them in as they walked across the vegetable patch toward the greenhouses. The weekends brutal wind had died out at last	 the weird mist had returned and it took them a little longer than usual to find the correct greenhouse.Wow, scary thought, the boy You-Know-Who, said Ron qui-etly, as they took their places around one of the gnarled Snargaluff stumps that formed this terms project, and began pulling on their protective gloves. But I still don't get why Dumbledore's showing you all this. I mean, it's really interesting and everything, but what's the point?Dunno, said Harry, inserting a gum shield. But he says its all important and it'll help me survive.I think it's fascinating, said Hermione earnestly. It makes absolute sense to know as much about Voldemort as possible. How else will you find out his weaknesses?So how was Slughorn's latest party? Harry asked her thickly through the gum shield.Oh, it was quite fun, really, said Hermione, now putting on protective goggles. I mean, he drones on about famous exploits a bit, and he absolutely fawns on McLaggen because he's so well connected, but he gave us some really nice food and he introduced us to Gwenog Jones.Gwenog Jones? said Ron, his eyes widening under his own goggles. The Gwenog Jones? Captain of the Holyhead Harpies?That's right, said Hermione. Personally, I thought she was a bit full of herself, but Quite enough chat over here! said Professor Sprout briskly, bustling over and looking stern. You're lagging behind, everybody else has started, and Neville's already got his first pod!They looked around	 sure enough, there sat Neville with a bloody lip and several nasty scratches along the side of his face, but clutching an unpleasantly pulsating green object about the size of a grapefruit.Okay, Professor, we're starting now! said Ron, adding quietly, when she had turned away again, should ve used Muffliato, Harry.No, we shouldn't! said Hermione at once, looking, as she always did, intensely cross at the thought of the Half-Blood Prince and his spells. Well, come on ... we'd better get going. ...She gave the other two an apprehensive look	 they all took deep breaths and then dived at the gnarled stump between them.It sprang to life at once	 long, prickly, bramblelike vines flew out of the top and whipped through the air. One tangled itself in Hermione's hair, and Ron beat it back with a pair of secateurs	 Harry succeeded in trapping a couple of vines and knotting them together	 a hole opened in the middle of all the tentaclelike branches	 Hermione plunged her arm bravely into this hole, which closed like a trap around her elbow	 Harry and Ron tugged and wrenched at the vines, forcing the hole to open again, and Hermi-one snatched her arm free, clutching in her fingers a pod just like Neville's. At once, the prickly vines shot back inside, and the gnarled stump sat there looking like an innocently dead lump of wood.You know, I don't think I'll be having any of these in my garden when I've got my own place, said Ron, pushing his goggles up onto his forehead and wiping sweat from his face.Pass me a bowl, said Hermione, holding the pulsating pod at arm's length	 Harry handed one over and she dropped the pod into it with a look of disgust on her face.Don't be squeamish, squeeze it out, they're best when they're fresh! called Professor Sprout.Anyway, said Hermione, continuing their interrupted conver-sation as though a lump of wood had not just attacked them, Slughorn's going to have a Christmas party, Harry, and there's no way you'll be able to wriggle out of this one because he actually asked me to check your free evenings, so he could be sure to have it on a night you can come.Harry groaned. Meanwhile, Ron, who was attempting to burst the pod in the bowl by putting both hands on it, standing up, and squashing it as hard as he could, said angrily, And this is another party just for Slughorn's favorites, is it?Just for the Slug Club, yes, said Hermione.The pod flew out from under Ron's fingers and hit the green house glass, rebounding onto the back of Professor Sprout's head and knocking off her old, patched hat. Harry went to retrieve the pod	 when he got back, Hermione was saying, Look, I didn't make up the name 'Slug Club' 'Slug Club,'repeated Ron with a sneer worthy of Malfoy. It's pathetic. Well, I hope you enjoy your party. Why don't you try hooking up with McLaggen, then Slughorn can make you King and Queen Slug We're allowed to bring guests, said Hermione, who for some reason had turned a bright, boiling scarlet, and I was going to ask you to come, but if you think it's that stupid then I won't bother!Harry suddenly wished the pod had flown a little farther, so that he need not have been sitting here with the pair of them. Unno-ticed by either, he seized the bowl that contained the pod and be-gan to try and open it by the noisiest and most energetic means he could think of	 unfortunately, he could still hear every word of their conversation.You were going to ask me? asked Ron, in a completely differ-ent voice.Yes, said Hermione angrily. But obviously if you'd rather 1 hooked up with McLaggen ...There was a pause while Harry continued to pound the resilient pod with a trowel.No, I wouldn't, said Ron, in a very quiet voice.Harry missed the pod, hit the bowl, and shattered it.Reparo,' he said hastily, poking the pieces with his wand, and the bowl sprang back together again. The crash, however, appeared to have awoken Ron and Hermione to Harry's presence. Hermione looked flustered and immediately started fussing about for her copy of Flesh-Eating Trees of the World to find out the correct way to juice Snargaluff pods	 Ron, on the other hand, looked sheepish but also rather pleased with himself.Hand that over, Harry, said Hermione hurriedly. It says we're supposed to puncture them with something sharp. . . .Harry passed her the pod in the bowl	 he and Ron both snapped their goggles back over their eyes and dived, once more, for the stump. It was not as though he was really surprised, thought Harry, as he wrestled with a thorny vine intent upon throttling him
Half-Blood Prince=Snow was swirling against the icy windows once more	 Christmas was approaching fast. Hagrid had already singlehandedly delivered the usual twelve C hristmas trees to the Great Hall	 garlands of holly and tinsel had been twisted around the banisters of the stairs	 everlasting candles glowed from inside the helmets of suits of armor and great bunches of mistletoe had been hung at intervals along the corridors. Large groups of girls tended to converge underneath the mistletoe bunches every time Harry went past, which caused blockages in the corridors	 fortunat e ly, however, Harry's frequent nighttime wanderings had given him an unusually good knowledge of the castle's secret passageways, so that he was often, without too much difficulty, to naviga t e mistletoe-free routes between classes.Ron, who might once have found the necessity of these detours excuse for jealousy rather than hilarity, simply roared with laughter about it all. Although Harry much preferred this new laughing, joking Ron to the moody, aggressive model he had been enduring for the last few weeks, the improved Ron came at a heavy price. Firstly, Harry had to put up with the frequent presence of Lavender Brown, who seemed to regard any moment that she was not kissing Ron as a moment wasted	 and secondly, Harry found himself once more the best friend of two people who seemed unlikely ever to speak to each other again.Ron, whose hands and forearms still bore scratches and cuts from Hermione's bird attack, was taking a defensive and resentful tone.She can't complain, he told Harry. She snogged Krum. So she's found out someone wants to snog me too. Well, it's a free country. I haven't done anything wrong.Harry did not answer, but pretended to be absorbed in the book they were supposed to have read before Charms next morning (Quintessence: A Q uest). Determined as he was to remain friends with both Ron and Hermione, he was spending a lot of time with his mouth shut tight.I never promised Hermione anything ,  Ron mumbled. I mean, all right, I was going to go to Slughorn's Christmas party with her, but she never said... just as friends... I'm a free agent...Harry turned a page of Quintessence, aware that Ron was watching him. Ron's voice trailed away in mutters, barely audible over the loud crackling of the fire, though Harry thought he caught the words Krum and Can't complain again.Hermione's schedule was so full that Harry could only talk to her properly in the evenings, when Ron was, in any case, so tightly wrapped around Lavender that he did not notice what Harry was doing. Hermione refused to sit in the common room while Ron was there, So Harry generally joined her in the library, which meant that their conversations were held in whispers.He's at perfect liberty to kiss whomever he likes, said Hermione, while the librarian , Madam Pince, prowled the shelves behind them. I really couldn't care less.She raised her quill and dotted an 'i' so ferociously that she punctured a hole in her parchment. Harry said nothing. He thought his voice might soon vanish from the lack of use. He bent a little lower over Advanced Potion-Making and continued to make notes on Everlasting Elixirs, occasionally pausing to decipher the p rince's useful additions to Libatius B orage's text.And incidentally, said Hermione, after a few moments, you need to be careful.For the last time, said Harry, speaking in a slightly hoarse tone after three-quarters of an ho u r of silence, I am not giving back this book . I've learned more from the Half-blood p rince than Snape or Slughorn have taught me in--I'm not talking about your stupid so-called prince, said Hermione , giving his book a nasty look as though it had been rude to her. I'm talki ng about earlier. I went into the girl's bathroom just before I came in here and there were about a dozen girls in there, including that Romilda Vane , trying to decide how to slip you a love potion. They're all hoping they're going to get you to take them to Slughorn's party, and thay all seem to have bought Fred and George's love potions, which I'm afraid to say probably work --Why didn't you confiscate them then? demanded Harry, it seemed extraordinary that Hermione's m ania for upholding the rules could have abandoned her at this crucial juncture.They didn't have the potions with them in the bathroom, said Hermione scornfully, They were just discussing tactics. As I doubt the Half-blood prince she gave the book another scornful look could dream up an antidote for a dozen different love potions at once, I'd just invite someone to go with you, that'll stop all the others thinking they've still got a chance. It's tomor r ow night, they're getting desperate.There isn't anyone I want to invite, mumbled Harry, who was still not trying to think about Ginny any more than he could help, despite the fact the fact that she kept cropping up in his dreams in ways that made him devoutly thankful that Ron could not perform Legilimency.Well, just be careful what you drink, because Romilda Va ne looked like she meant business. said Hermione grimly.She hitched up the long roll of parchment on which she was writing her Arithma n cy essay and continued to scratch away with her quill. Harry wa t che d her with his mind a long way away.Hang on a moment, he said slowly. I thought Filch had banned anything bought at Weasley's Wizard Wheezes?And when has anyone ever paid attention to what Filch has banned? asked Hermione, still concentrating on her essay.But I thought all the owls were being searched. So how come these grils are able to bring love potions into the school?Fred and George send them disguised as perfumes and cough potions, said Hermione. It's part of their Owl order service.You know a lot about it.Hermione gave him the kind of nasty look she had just given his copy of Advanced Potion-Making.It was all on the back of the bottles they showed Ginny and me in the summer, she said coldly, I don't go around putting potions in people's drinks... or pretending too eit h er, which is just as bad...Yeah, well, never mind that, said Harry quickly. The point is, Filch is being fooled isn't he? These girls are getting stuff into the school disguised as something else! So why couldn't Malfoy have brought the necklace into the school --?Oh, Harry... not that again...Come on, why not? demanded Harry.Look ,  sighed Hermione, Secrecy Sensors detect jinxes, curses, and concealment charms, don't they? They're used to find d ark magic and d ark obje c ts. They'd have picked up a powerful curse , like the one in the necklace, withi n seconds. But something that's just been put in the wrong bottle wouldn ' t register -- anyway Love potions aren't d ark or dangerous ---Easy for you to say, muttered Harry, thinking of Romilda Vane.-- so it would be down to Filch to realise it wasn't a cough potion, and he's not a very good wizard, I doubt he can tell one potion from --Hermione stopped dead	 Harry had heard it too. Somebody had moved close behind them among the dark bookshelves. They waited, and a moment later the vulturelike countenance of Madam Pince appeared around the corner, her sunken cheeks, her skin like parchment, and her long hooked nose illuminated unflatteringly by the lamp she was carrying.The library is now closed, she said, Mind you return anything you have borrowed to the correct -- what have you been doing to that book, you depraved boy?It isn't the library's, it's mine! said Harry hastily, snatching his copy of Advanced Potion-Making off the table as she lunged at it with a clawlike hand. Spoiled! she hissed . Desecrated, befouled !It's just a book that's been written on! said Harry, tugging it out of her grip.She looked as though she might have a seizure	 Hermione, who had hastily packed her things, grabbed Harry by the arm and frogmarched him away.She'll ban you from the library if you're not careful. Why did you have to bring that stupid book?It's not my fault she's barking mad, Hermione. Or d'you think she overheard you being rude about Filch? I've always thought there might be something between them...Oh, ha ha..Enjoying the fact that they could speak normally again, they made their way along the deserted lamp-lit corridors back to the common room, arguing w hether or not Filch and Madam Pince were secretly in love with each other.Baubles said Harry to the Fat Lady, this being the new, festive password.Same to you, said the fat lady with a roguish grin, and she swung forward to admit them.Hi, Harry! said Romilda Vane, the moment he had climbed through the portrait hole. Fancy a gillywater?Hermione gave him a what-did-I-tell-you? look over her shoulder.No thanks, said Harry quickly. I don't like it much.Well, take these anyway, said Romilda, thrusting a box into his hands. Chocolate Cauldrons, they've got firewhiskey in them. My gran sent them to me, but I don't like them.Oh-- right -- thanks a lot. said Harry, who could not think what else to say.  Er-- I ' m just going over here with ...He hurried off behind Hermione, his voice tailing away feebly.Told you, said Hermione succinctly,  Sooner you ask someone, sooner they'll all leave you alone and you can --But her face suddnly turned blank	 she had just spotted Ron and Lavender, who were i ntertwined in the same armchair.Well, good night, Harry said Hermione, though it was only seven o'clock in the evening, and she left for the girl s' dormitory without another word.Harry went to bed comforting himself that there was only one more day of lessons to struggle through, plus Slughorn's party, after which he and Ron would depart together for the B urrow. It now seemed impossible that Ron and Hermione would make up with each other before the holidays began, but perhaps, somehow, the break would give them time to calm down, think better of their behavior...But his hopes were not high, and they sank still lower after enduring a Transfiguration lesson with them both next day. They had just embarked upon the immensely difficult topic of human transfiguration	 working in front of mirrors , they were suposed to be changing the color of their own eyebrows. Hermione laughed unkindly at Ron's disastrous first attempt, during which he somehow managed to give himself a spectacular handlebar mustache	 Ron retaliated by doing a cruel but accurate impression of Hermione jumping up and down in her seat every time Profe s sor McGonagall asked a question, which Lavender and Parvati found deeply amusing and which reduced Hermione to the verge of tears again. She raced out of the classroom on the bell, leaving half her things behind	 Harry, deciding that her need was greater than Ron's just now, scooped up her remaining po ssessions and followed her.He finally tracked her down as she emerged from a girl's bathroom on the floor below. She was accompanied by Luna Lovegood, who was patting her vaguely on the back.Oh, hello, Harry ,  said Luna .  D id you know one of your eyebrows is bright yellow?Hi, Luna. Hermione , you left your stuff...He held out her books.Oh, yes, said Hermione in a choked voice, taking her things and turning away quickly to hide the fact she was wiping her eyes with her pencil case. Thank you , Harry. Well, I'd better get going...And she hurried off, without ever giving Harry any time to offer words of comfort, though admittedly he could not think of any.She's a bit upset ,  said Luna. I thought at first it was Moaning Myrtle in there, but it turned out to be Hermione. She said something about Ron Weasley...Yeah, they've had a row, said Harry.He says funny things sometimes, doesn't he? said Luna as they set off down the corridor together. But he can be a bit unkind. I noticed that last year. I s'pose ,  said Harry. Luna was demonstrating her usual knack of speaking uncomfortable truths	 he had never met anyone quite like her. So have you had a good term?Oh, it's been al l right, said Luna.  A bit lonely without the D.A. Ginny's been nice, though. She stopped two boys in our Transfiguration class calling me 'Loony' the other day --How would you like to come to S lughorn's party with me tonight?The words were out of Harry's mouth before he could stop them	 he heard himself say them as though it were a stranger speaking.Luna turned her protuberant eyes to him in surprise.Slughorn's party? With you?Yeah, said Harry, We're supposed to bring guests, so I thought you might like.. I mean... He was keen to make his intentions perfectly clear.  I mean, just as friends, you know. But if you don't want to...He was already half hoping that she didn't want to.O h no, I'd love to go with you as friends! said Luna, beaming as he had never seen her beam before. Nobody's ever asked me to a party before, as a friend! Is that why you dyed your eyebrow, for the party? Should I dye mine too?No said Harry firmly, That was a mistake. I'll get Hermione to put it right for me. So I'll meet you in the entrance hall at eight o'clock then . AHA! screamed a voice from overhead and both of them jumped
Half-Blood Prince=So Snape was offering to help him? He was definitely offering to help him?If you ask. that once more, said Harry, I'm going to stick this sprout I'm only checking! said Ron. They were standing alone at the Burrow's kitchen sink, peeling a mountain of sprouts for Mrs. Weasley. Snow was drifting past the window in front of them.Yes, Snape was offering to help him! said Harry. He said he'd promised Malfoy's mother to protect him, that he'd made an Un-breakable Oath or something An Unbreakable Vow? said Ron, looking stunned. Nah, he can't have. . . . Are you sure?Yes, I'm sure, said Harry. Why, what does it mean?Well, you can't break an Unbreakable Vow. . . .I'd worked that much out for myself, funnily enough. What happens if you break it, then?You die, said Ron simply. Fred and George tried to get me to make one when I was about five. I nearly did too, I was holding hands with Fred and everything when Dad found us. He went mental, said Ron, with a reminiscent gleam in his eyes. Only time I've ever seen Dad as angry as Mum, Fred reckons his left but-tock has never been the same since.Yeah, well, passing over Fred's left buttock I beg your pardon? said Fred's voice as the twins entered the kitchen.Aaah, George, look at this. They're using knives and everything. Bless them.I'll be seventeen in two and a bit months' time, said Ron grumpily, and then I'll be able to do it by magic!But meanwhile, said George, sitting down at the kitchen table and putting his feet up on it, we can enjoy watching you demon-strate the correct use of a  whoops-a-daisy!You made me do that! said Ron angrily, sucking his cut thumb. You wait, when I'm seventeen I'm sure you'll dazzle us all with hitherto unsuspected magical skills, yawned Fred.And speaking of hitherto unsuspected skills, Ronald, said George, what is this we hear from Ginny about you and a young lady called  unless our information is faulty  Lavender Brown?Ron turned a little pink, but did not look displeased as he turned back to the sprouts. Mind your own business.What a snappy retort, said Fred. I really don't know how you think of them. No, what we wanted to know was... how did it happen?What d'you mean?Did she have an accident or something?What? ..|	Well, how did she sustain such extensive brain damage? Care-ful, now!Mrs. Weasley entered the room just in time to see Ron throw the sprout knife at Fred, who had turned it into a paper airplane with one lazy flick of his wand,Ron! she said furiously. Don't you ever let me see you throw-ing knives again!I wont, said Ron, let you see, he added under his breath, as he turned back to the sprout mountain.Fred, George, I'm sorry, dears, but Remus is arriving tonight, so Bill will have to squeeze in with you two. 	No problem, said George.- Then, as Charlie isn't coming home, that just leaves Harry and 	|/ Ron in the attic, and if Fleur shares with Ginny   that'll make Ginny's Christmas  muttered Fred.  everyone should be comfortable. Well, they'll have a bed, anyway, said Mrs. Weasley, sounding slightly harassed.Percy definitely not showing his ugly face, then? asked Fred. Mrs. Weasley turned away before she answered. No, he's busy, I expect, at the Ministry.Or he's the world's biggest prat, said Fred, as Mrs. Weasley left the kitchen. One of the two. Well, let's get going, then, George.What are you two up to? asked Ron. Cant you help us with these sprouts? You could just use your wand and then we'll be freetoo!No, I don't think we can do that, said Fred seriously. It's very character-building stuff, learning to peel sprouts without magic, makes you appreciate how difficult it is for Muggles and Squibs   and if you want people to help you, Ron, added George, throwing the paper airplane at him, I wouldn't chuck knives at them. Just a little hint. We're off to the village, there's a very pretty girl working in the paper shop who thinks my card tricks are some-thing marvelous . . , almost like real magic. ...Gits, said Ron darkly, watching Fred and George setting off across the snowy yard. Would've only taken them ten seconds and then we could've gone too.I couldn't, said Harry. I promised Dumbledore I wouldn't wander off while I'm staying here.Oh yeah, said Ron. He peeled a few more sprouts and then said, Are you going to tell Dumbledore what you heard Snape and Malfoy saying to each other?Yep, said Harry. I'm going to tell anyone who can put a stop to it, and Dumbledores top of the list. I might have another word with your dad too.Pity you didn't hear what Malfoys actually doing, though. I couldn't have done, could I? That was the whole point, he was refusing to tell Snape.There was silence for a moment or two, then Ron said,  'Course, you know what they'll all say? Dad and Dumbledore and all of them? They'll say Snape isn't really trying to help Malfoy, he was just trying to find out what Malfoy's up to.They didn't hear him, said Harry flatly. No one's that good an actor, not even Snape.Yeah . . . I'm just saying, though/' said Ron.Harry turned to face him, frowning. You think I'm right, though? ,Yeah, I do! said Ron hastily. Seriously, I do! But they're all convinced Snape's in the Order, aren't they?Harry said nothing. It had already occurred to him that this would be the most likely objection to his new evidence	 he could hear Hermione now: Obviously, Harry, he was pretending to offer help so he could trick Malfoy into telling him what he's doing. . . .This was pure imagination, however, as he had had no opportu-nity to tell Hermione what he had overheard. She had disappeared from Slughorn's party before he returned to it, or so he had been informed by an irate McLaggen, and she had already gone to bed by the time he returned to the common room. As he and Ron had left for the Burrow early the next day, he had barely had time to wish her a happy Christmas and to tell her that he had some very important news when they got back from the holidays. He was not entirely sure that she had heard him, though	 Ron and Lavender had been saying a thoroughly nonverbal good-bye just behind him at the time.Still, even Hermione would not be able to deny one thing: Mal-foy was definitely up to something, and Snape knew it, so Harry felt fully justified in saying I told you so, which he had done sev-eral times to Ron already.Harry did not get the chance to speak to Mr. Weasley, who was working very long hours at the Ministry, until Christmas Eve night. The Weasleys and their guests were sitting in the living room, which Ginny had decorated so lavishly that it was rather like sitting in a paper-chain explosion. Fred, George, Harry, and Ron were the only ones who knew that the angel on top of the tree was actually a garden gnome that had bitten Fred on the ankle as hr pulled up carrots for Christmas dinner. Stupefied, painted gold, stuffed into a miniature tutu and with small wings glued to il.s back, it glowered down at them all, the ugliest angel Harry had ever seen, with a large bald head like a potato and rather hairy feet.They were all supposed to be listening to a Christmas broadcast by Mrs. Weasleys favorite singer, Celestina Warbeck, whose voice was warbling out of the large wooden wireless set. Fleur, who seemed to find Celestina very dull, was talking so loudly in the corner that a scowling Mrs. Weasley kept pointing her wand at the volume con-trol, so that Celestina grew louder and louder. Under cover of a par-ticularly jazzy number called A Cauldron Full of Hot, Strong Love, Fred and George started a game of Exploding Snap with Ginny. Ron kept shooting Bill and Fleur covert looks, as though hoping to pick up tips. Meanwhile, Remus Lupin, who was thinner and more ragged-looking than ever, was sitting beside the fire, staring into its depths as though he could not hear Celestinas voice.Oh, come and stir my cauldron,And if you do it right,I'll boil you up some hot strong loveTo keep you warm tonight.We danced to this when we were eighteen! said Mrs. Weasley, wiping her eyes on her knitting. Do you remember, Arthur?Mphf? said Mr. Weasley, whose head had been nodding over the satsuma he was peeling. Oh yes ... marvelous tune . . .With an effort, he sat up a little straighter and looked around at Harry, who was sitting next to him.Sorry about this, he said, jerking his head toward the wireless as Celestina broke into the chorus. Be over soon.No problem, said Harry, grinning. Has it been busy at the Ministry?Very, said Mr. Weasley. I wouldn't mind if we were getting anywhere, but of the three arrests we've made in the last couple of months, I doubt that one of them is a genuine Death Eater  only don't repeat that, Harry, he added quickly, looking much more awake all of a sudden.They're not still holding Stan Shunpike, are they? asked Harry.I'm afraid so, said Mr. Weasley. I know Dumbledore's tried appealing directly to Scrimgeour about Stan. ... I mean, anybody who has actually interviewed him agrees that he's about as much a Death Eater as this satsuma . . . but the top levels want to look as though they're making some progress, and 'three arrests' sounds better than 'three mistaken arrests and releases'. . . but again, this isall top secret. . . .I won't say anything, said Harry. He hesitated for a moment, wondering how best to embark on what he wanted to say	 as he marshaled his thoughts, Celestina Warbeck began a ballad called You Charmed the Heart Right Out of Me.Mr. Weasley, you know what I told you at the station when we were setting off for school?I checked, Harry, said Mr. Weasley at once. I went and searched the Malfoys' house. There was nothing, either broken or whole, that shouldn't have been there.Yeah, I know, I saw in the Prophet that you'd looked . . . but this is something different. . . . Well, something more ...And he told Mr. Weasley everything he had overheard betweenMalfoy and Snape, As Harry spoke, he saw Lupin's head turn a lit-tle toward him, taking in every word. When he had finished, there was silence, except for Celestina's crooning.Oh, my poor heart, where has it gone? It's left me for a spell...Has it occurred to you, Harry, said Mr. Weasley, that Snape was simply pretending  ?Pretending to offer help, so that he could find out what Malfoy's up to? said Harry quickly. Yeah, I thought you'd say that. But how do we know?It isn't our business to know, said Lupin unexpectedly. He had turned his back on the fire now and faced Harry across Mr. Weasley. It's Dumbledores business. Dumbledore trusts Severus, and that ought to be good enough for all of us.But, said Harry, just say  just say Dumbledores wrong about Snape People have said it, many times. It comes down to whether or not you trust Dumbledores judgment. I do	 therefore, I trust Severus.But Dumbledore can make mistakes, argued Harry. He says it himself. And you  he looked Lupin straight in the eye  do you honestly like Snape?I neither like nor dislike Severus, said Lupin. No, Harry, I am speaking the truth, he added, as Harry pulled a skeptical expres-sion. We shall never be bosom friends, perhaps	 after all that hap-pened between James and Sirius and Severus, there is too much bitterness there. But I do not forget that during the year I taught at Hogwarts, Severus made the Wolfsbane Potion for me every month, made it perfectly, so that I did not have to suffer as I usu-ally do at the full moon.But he 'accidentally' let it slip that you're a werewolf, so you had to leave! said Harry angrily.Lupin shrugged. The news would have leaked out anyway. We both know he wanted my job, but he could have wreaked much worse damage on me by tampering with the potion. He kept me healthy. I must be grateful.Maybe he didn't dare mess with the potion with Dumbledore watching him! said Harry.You are determined to hate him, Harry, said Lupin with a faint smile. And I understand	 with James as your father, with Sir-ius as your godfather, you have inherited an old prejudice. By all means tell Dumbledore what you have told Arthur and me, but do not expect him to share your view of the matter	 do not even expect him to be surprised by what you tell him. It might have been on Dumbledore's orders that Severus questioned Draco. 	. . . and now you've torn it quite apart I'll thank you to give back my heart!Celestina ended her song on a very long, high-pitched note and loud applause issued out of the wireless, which Mrs. Weasley joined in with enthusiastically.Eez eet over? said Fleur loudly. Thank goodness, what an 'orrible Shall we have a nightcap, then? asked Mr. Weasley loudly, leaping to his feet. Who wants eggnog?What have you been up to lately? Harry asked Lupin, as Mr, Weasley bustled off to fetch the eggnog, and everybody else stretched and broke into conversation.Oh, I've been underground, said Lupin. Almost literally. That's why I haven't been able to write, Harry	 sending letters to you would have been something of a giveaway. -:What do you mean? 'I've been living among my fellows, my equals, said Lupin. Werewolves, he added, at Harrys look of incomprehension. Nearly all of them are on Voldemort's side. Dumbledore wanted a spy and here I was . . . ready-made.He sounded a little bitter, and perhaps realized it, for he smiled more warmly as he went on, I am not complaining	 it is necessary work and who can do it better than I? However, it has been difficult gaining their trust. I bear the unmistakable signs of having tried to live among wizards, you see, whereas they have shunned normal society and live on the margins, stealing  and sometimes killing  to eat.How come they like Voldemort?They think that, under his rule, they will have a better life, said Lupin. And it is hard to argue with Greyback out there. . . .Who's Greyback?You haven't heard of him? Lupin's hands closed convulsively in his lap. Fenrir Greyback is, perhaps, the most savage werewolf alive today. He regards it as his mission in life to bite and to conta-minate as many people as possible
Half-Blood Prince=Late in the afternoon, a few days after New Year, Harry, Ron, and Ginny lined up beside the kitchen fire to return to Hogwarts. The Ministry had arranged this one-off connection to the Floo Network to return students quickly and safely to the school. Only Mrs. Weasley was there to say good-bye, as Mr. Weasley, Fred, George, Bill, and Fleur were all at work. Mrs. Weasley dissolved into tears at the moment of parting. Admittedly, it took very little to set her off lately	 she had been crying on and off ever since Percy had stormed from the house on Christmas Day with his glasses splattered with mashed parsnip (for which Fred, George, and Ginny all claimed credit).Don't cry, Mum, said Ginny, patting her on the back as Mrs. Weasley sobbed into her shoulder. It's okay. ...Yeah, don't worry about us, said Ron, permitting his mother to plant a very wet kiss on his cheek, or about Percy. He's such a prat, it's not really a loss, is it?Mrs. Weasley sobbed harder than ever as she enfolded Harry in her arms.Promise me you'll look after yourself.. .. Stay out of trouble. ...I always do, Mrs. Weasley, said Harry. I like a quiet life, you know me.She gave a watery chuckle and stood back. Be good, then, all of you. ...Harry stepped into the emerald fire and shouted Hogwarts! He had one last fleeting view of the Weasleys' kitchen and Mrs. Weasley's tearful face before the flames engulfed him	 spinning very fast, he caught blurred glimpses of other Wizarding rooms, which were whipped out of sight before he could get a proper look	 then he was slowing down, finally stopping squarely in the fireplace in Professor McGonagall's office. She barely glanced up from her work as he clambered out over the grate.Evening, Potter. Try not to get too much ash on the carpet.No, Professor.Harry straightened his glasses and flattened his hair as Ron came spinning into view. When Ginny had arrived, all three of them trooped out of McGonagall's office and off toward Gryffindor Tower. Harry glanced out of the corridor windows as they passed	 the sun was already sinking over grounds carpeted in deeper snow than had lain over the Burrow garden. In the distance, he could see Hagrid feeding Buckbeak in front of his cabin.Baubles, said Ron confidently, when they reached the Fat Lady, who was looking rather paler than usual and winced at his loud voice.No, she said.What dyou mean, no ?There is a new password, she said. And please don't shout.But we've been away, how're we supposed to  ?Harry! Ginny!Hermione was hurrying toward them, very pink-faced and wearing a cloak, hat, and gloves.I got back a couple of hours ago, I've just been down to visit Hagrid and Buck  I mean Witherwings, she said breathlessly. Did you have a good Christmas?Yeah, said Ron at once, pretty eventful, Rufus Scrim  ] I've got something for you, Harry, said Hermione, neither looking at Ron nor giving any sign that she had heard him. Oh, hang on  password. Abstinence.Precisely, said the Fat Lady in a feeble voice, and swung forward to reveal the portrait hole.What's up with her? asked Harry.Overindulged over Christmas, apparently, said Hermione, rolling her eyes as she led the way into the packed common room. She and her friend Violet drank their way through all the wine in that picture of drunk monks down by the Charms corridor. Anyway...She rummaged in her pocket for a moment, then pulled out a scroll of parchment with Dumbledore's writing on it.Great, said Harry, unrolling it at once to discover that his next lesson with Dumbledore was scheduled for the following night. Ive got loads to tell him  and you. Let's sit down But at that moment there was a loud squeal of Won-Won! and Lavender Brown came hurtling out of nowhere and flung herself into Ron's arms. Several onlookers sniggered	 Hermione gave a tinkling laugh and said, There's a cable over here... Coming. Ginny?No, thanks, I said I'd meet Dean, said Ginny, though Harry could not help noticing that she did not sound very enthusiastic. Leaving Ron and Lavender locked in a kind of vertical wrestling, match, Harry led Hermione over to the spare table.So how was your Christmas?Oh, fine, she shrugged. Nothing special. How was it at Won-Won's?I'll tell you in a minute, said Harry. Look, Hermione, can't you No, I can't, she said flatly. So don't even ask.I thought maybe, you know, over Christmas It was the Fat Lady who drank a vat of five-hundred-year-old wine, Harry, not me. So what was this important news you wanted to tell me?She looked too fierce to argue with at that moment, so Harry dropped the subject of Ron and recounted all that he had overheard between Malfoy and Snape. When he had finished, Hermione sat in thought for a moment and then said, Don't you think  ? he was pretending to offer help so that he could trick Malfoy into telling him what he's doing?Well, yes, said Hermione.Rons dad and Lupin think so, Harry said grudgingly. But this definitely proves Malfoys planning something, you can't deny that.No, I can't, she answered slowly.And he's acting on Voldemort's orders, just like I said!Hmm .. . did either of them actually mention Voldemort's name?Harry frowned, trying to remember. I'm not sure ... Snape definitely said 'your master,' and who else would that be?I don't know, said Hermione, biting her lip. Maybe his father?She stared across the room, apparently lost in thought, not even noticing Lavender tickling Ron. How's Lupin?Not great, said Harry, and he told her all about Lupins mission among the werewolves and the difficulties he was facing. Have you heard of this Fenrir Greyback?Yes, I have! said Hermione, sounding startled. And so have you, Harry!When, History of Magic? You know full well I never listened ...No, no, not History of Magic  Malfoy threatened Borgin with Kim! said Hermione. Back in Knockturn Alley, don't you remember? He told Borgin that Greyback was an old family friend and that he'd be checking up on Borgin's progress!Harry gaped at her. I forgot! But this proves Malfoy s a Death Eater, how else could he be in contact with Greyback and telling him what to do?It is pretty suspicious, breathed Hermione. Unless . . . Oh, come on, said Harry in exasperation, you can't get round this one!Well . . . there is the possibility it was an empty threat. You're unbelievable, you are, said Harry, shaking his head.We'll see who's right. . . . You'll be eating your words, Hermione, just like the Ministry. Oh yeah, 1 had a row with Rufus Scrimgeour as well. . . .And the rest of the evening passed amicably with both of them abusing the Minister of Magic, for Hermione, like Ron, thought that after all the Ministry had put Harry through the previous year, they had a great deal of nerve asking him for help now.The new term started next morning with a pleasant surprise for the sixth years: a large sign had been pinned to the common room notice boards overnight.APPARITION LESSONSIf you are seventeen years of age, or will turn seventeen on or before the 31st August next, you are eligible for a twelve-week course of Apparition Lessons from a Ministry of Magic Apparition instructor. Please sign below if you would like to participate. Cost: 12 Galleons.Harry and Ron joined the crowd that was jostling around the notice and taking it in turns to write their names at the bottom. Ron was just taking out his quill to sign after Hermione when Lavender crept up behind him, slipped her hands over his eyes, and trilled, Guess who, Won-Won? Harry turned to see Hermione stalking off	 he caught up with her, having no wish to stay behind with Ron and Lavender, but to his surprise, Ron caught up with them only a little way beyond the portrait hole, his ears bright red and his expression disgruntled. Without a word, Hermione sped up to walk with Neville.So  Apparition, said Ron, his tone making it perfectly plain that Harry was not to mention what had just happened. Should be a laugh, eh?I dunno, said Harry. Maybe it's better when you do it yourself, I didnt enjoy it much when Dumbledore took me along for the ride.I forgot you'd already done it. ... I'd better pass my test firsttime, said Ron, looking anxious. Fred and George did, Charlie failed, though, didn't he? Yeah, but Charlie's bigger than me  Ron held his arms out from his body as though he was a gorilla  so Fred and Georgedidn't go on about it much . . . not to his face anyway . . . When can we take the actual test? Soon as we're seventeen. That's only March for me! Yeah, but you wouldn't be able to Apparate in here, not in the castle . . .Not the point, is it? Everyone would know I could Apparate if I wanted.Ron was not the only one to be excited at the prospect of Apparition. All that day there was much talk about the forthcoming , lessons	 a great deal of store was set by being able to vanish and reappear at will.How cool will it be when we can just  Seamus clicked his ringers to indicate disappearance. Me cousin Fergus does it just to annoy me, you wait till I can do it back. . . He'll never have another peaceful moment. . . .Lost in visions of this happy prospect, he flicked his wand a little too enthusiastically, so that instead of producing the fountain of pure water that was the object of today's Charms lesson, he let out a hoselike jet that ricocheted off the ceiling and knocked Professor Flitwick flat on his face.Harrys already Apparated, Ron told a slightly abashed Seamus, after Professor Flitwick had dried himself off with a wave of his wand and set Seamus lines: I am a wizard, not a baboon brandishing a stick. Dum  er  someone took him. Side-Along-Apparition, you know.Whoa! whispered Seamus, and he, Dean, and Neville put their heads a little closer to hear what Apparition felt like. For the rest of the day, Harry was besieged with requests from the other sixth years to describe the sensation of Apparition. All of them seemed awed, rather than put off, when he told them how uncomfortable it was, and he was still answering detailed questions at ten to eight that evening, when he was forced to lie and say that he needed to return a book to the library, so as to escape in time for his lesson with Dumbledore.The lamps in Dumbledores office were lit, the portraits of previous headmasters were snoring gently in their frames, and the Pen-sieve was ready upon the desk once more. Dumbledores hands lay on either side of it, the right one as blackened and burnt-looking as ever. It did not seem to have healed at all and Harry wondered, for perhaps the hundredth time, what had caused such a distinctive injury, but did not ask	 Dumbledore had said that he would know eventually and there was, in any case, another subject he wanted to discuss. But before Harry could say anything about Snape and Malfoy, Dumbledore spoke.I hear that you met the Minister of Magic over Christmas? Yes, said Harry. He's not very happy with me.No, sighed Dumbledore. He is not very happy with me either. We must try not to sink beneath our anguish, Harry, but battle on.Harry grinned.He wanted me to tell the Wizarding community that the Ministry's doing a wonderful job.'Dumbledore smiled.It was Fudge's idea originally, you know. During his last days in office, when he was trying desperately to cling to his post, he sought a meeting with you, hoping that you would give him yoursupport After everything Fudge did last year? said Harry angrily. After Umbridge ?I told Cornelius there was no chance of it, but the idea did not die when he left: office. Within hours of Scrimgeour's appointment we met and he demanded that I arrange a meeting with you So that's why you argued! Harry blurted out. It was in the Daily Prophet'The Prophet is bound to report the truth occasionally, said Dumbledore, if only accidentally. Yes, that was why we argued. Well, it appears that Rufus found a way to corner you at last.He accused me of being 'Dumbledore's man through and through.'How very rude of him.I told him I was.Dumbledore opened his mouth to speak and then closed it again. Behind Harry, Fawkes the phoenix let out a low, soft, musical cry. To Harrys intense embarrassment, he suddenly realizedthat Dumbledore's bright blue eyes looked rather watery, ami stared hastily at his own knees. When Dumbledore spoke, however, his voice was quite steady.I am very touched, Harry.Scrimgeour wanted to know where you go when you're not at Hogwarts, said Harry, still looking fixedly at his knees.Yes, he is very nosy about that, said Dumbledore, now sounding cheerful, and Harry thought it safe to look up again. He has even attempted to have me followed. Amusing, really. He set Dawlish to tail me. It wasn't kind. I have already been forced to jinx Dawlish once	 I did it again with the greatest regret.So they still don't know where you go? asked Harry, hoping for more information on this intriguing subject, but Dumbledore merely smiled over the top of his half-moon spectacles.No, they don't, and the time is not quite right for you to know either. Now, I suggest we press on, unless there's anything else  ? There is, actually, sir, said Harry. It's about Malfoy and Snape.Professor Snape, Harry.Yes, sir. I overheard them during Professor Slughorns party . . . well, I followed them, actually. ...Dumbledore listened to Harry's story with an impassive face. When Harry had finished he did not speak for a few moments, then said, Thank you for telling me this, Harry, but I suggest that you put it out of your mind. I do not think that it is of great importance.Not of great importance? repeated Harry incredulously. Professor, did you understand  ?Yes, Harry, blessed as I am with extraordinary brainpower, I understood everything you told me, said Dumbledore, a little sharply. I think you might even consider the possibility that I understood more than you did. Again, I am glad that you have con-lided in me, but let me reassure you that you have not told me anything that causes me disquiet.Harry sat in seething silence, glaring at Dumbledore. What was going on? Did this mean that Dumbledore had indeed ordered Snape to find out what Malfoy was doing, in which case he had already heard everything Harry had just told him from Snape? Or was he really worried by what he had heard, but pretending not to be?So, sir, said Harry, in what he hoped was a polite, calm voice, you definitely still trust  ?I have been tolerant enough to answer that question already, said Dumbledore, but he did not sound very tolerant anymore. My answer has not changed.I should think not, said a snide voice	 Phineas Nigellus was evidently only pretending to be asleep. Dumbledore ignored him.And now, Harry, I must insist that we press on. I have more important things to discuss with you this evening.Harry sat there feeling mutinous. How would it be if he refused to permit the change of subject, if he insisted upon arguing the case against Malfoy? As though he had read Harry's mind, Dumbledore shook his head.Ah, Harry, how often this happens, even between the best of friends! Each of us believes that what he has to say is much more important than anything the other might have to contribute!I don't think what you've got to say is unimportant, sir, said Harry stiffly.Well, you are quite right, because it is not, said Dumbledore briskly. I have two more memories to show you this evening, both obtained with enormous difficulty, and the second of them is, 1 think, the most important I have collected.Harry did not say anything to this	 he still felt angry at the reception his confidences had received, but could not see what was to be gained by arguing further.So, said Dumbledore, in a ringing voice, we meet this evening to continue the tale of Tom Riddle, whom we left last lesson poised on the threshold of his years at Hogwarts. You will remember how excited he was to hear that he was a wizard, that he refused my company on a trip to Diagon Alley, and that I, in turn, warned him against continued thievery when he arrived at school.Well, the start of the school year arrived and with it came Tom Riddle, a quiet boy in his secondhand robes, who lined up with the other first years to be sorted. He was placed in Slytherin House almost the moment that the Sorting Hat touched his head, continued Dumbledore, waving his blackened hand toward the shelf over his head where the Sorting Hat sat, ancient and unmoving. How soon Riddle learned that the famous founder of the House could talk to snakes, I do not know  perhaps that very evening. The knowledge can only have excited him and increased his sense of self-importance.However, if he was frightening or impressing fellow Slytherins with displays of Parseltongue in their common room, no hint of it reached the staff. He showed no sign of outward arrogance or aggression at all. As an unusually talented and very good-looking orphan, he naturally drew attention and sympathy from the staff almost from the moment of his arrival. He seemed police, quiet, and thirsty for knowledge. Nearly all were most favorably impressed by him.Didn't you tell them, sir, what he'd been like when you met him at the orphanage? asked Harry.No, I did not. Though he had shown no hint of remorse, it was possible that he felt sorry for how he had behaved before and was resolved to turn over a fresh leaf. I chose to give him that chance.Dumbledore paused and looked inquiringly at Harry, who had opened his mouth to speak. Here, again, was Dumbledore's tendency to trust people in spite of overwhelming evidence that they did not deserve it! But then Harry remembered something. . . .But you didn't really trust him, sir, did you? He told me . . . the Riddle who came out of that diary said, 'Dumbledore never seemed to like me as much as the other teachers did.'Let us say that I did not take it for granted that he was trustworthy, said Dumbledore. I had, as I have already indicated, resolved to keep a close eye upon him, and so I did. I cannot pretend that I gleaned a great deal from my observations at first. He was very guarded with me	 he felt, I am sure, that in the thrill of discovering his true identity he had told me a little too much. He was careful never to reveal as much again, but he could not take back what he had let slip in his excitement, nor what Mrs. Cole had confided in me. However, he had the sense never to try and charm me as he charmed so many of my colleagues.As he moved up the school, he gathered about him a group of dedicated friends	 I call them that, for want of a better term, although as I have already indicated, Riddle undoubtedly felt no affection for any of them. This group had a kind of dark glamour within the castle. They were a motley collection
Half-Blood Prince=The next day Harry confided in both Ron and Hermione the task that Dumbledore had set him, though separately, for Hermione still refused to remain in Ron's presence longer than it took to give him a contemptuous look.Ron thought that Harry was unlikely to have any trouble with Slughorn at all.'He loves you,' he said over breakfast, waving an airy forkful of fried egg. 'Won't refuse you anything, will he? Not his little Potions Prince. Just hang back after class this afternoon and ask him.'Hermione, however, took a gloomier view.'He must be determined to hide what really happened if Dumbledore couldn't get it out of him,' she said in a low voice, as they stood in the deserted, snowy courtyard at break. 'Horcruxes ... Horcruxes ... I've never even heard of them ...''You haven't?'Harry was disappointed	 he had hoped that Hermione might have been able to give him a clue as to what Horcruxes were.'They must be really advanced Dark magic, or why would Voldemort have wanted to know about them? I think it's going to be difficult to get the information, Harry, you'll have to be very careful about how you approach Slughorn, think out a strategy ...'Ron reckons 1 should just hang back after Potions this afternoon ...''Oh, well, if Won-Won thinks that, you'd better do it,' she said, flaring up at once. 'After all, when has Won-Won's judgement ever been faulty?''Hermione, can't you ''No!' she said angrily, and stormed away, leaving Harry alone and ankle-deep in snow.Potions lessons were uncomfortable enough these days, seeing as Harry, Ron and Hermione had to share a desk. Today, Hermione moved her cauldron around the table so that she was close to Ernie, and ignored both Harry and Ron.'What've you done?' Ron muttered to Harry, looking at Hermione's haughty profile.But before Harry could answer, Slughorn was calling for silence from the front of the room.'Settle down, settle down, please! Quickly, now, lots of work to get through this afternoon! Golpalott's Third Law ... who can tell me -? But Miss Granger can, of course!'Hermione recited at top speed: 'Golpalott's-Third-Law- states-that-the-antidote-for-a-blended-poison-will-be-equal-to- more-than-the-sum-of-the-antidotes-for-each-of-the-separale- components.''Precisely!' beamed Slughorn. Ten points for Gryffindor! Now, if we accept Golpalott's Third Law as true ...Harry was going to have to take Slughorn's word for it that Golpalott's Third Law was true, because he had not under-stood any of it. Nobody apart from Hermione seemed to be following what Slughorn said next, either.'... which means, of course, that assuming we have achieved correct identification of the potion's ingredients by Scarpin's Revelaspell, our primary aim is not the relatively simple one of selecting antidotes to those ingredients in aof themselves, but to find that added component which will, by an almost alchemical process, transform these disparate elements -'Ron was sitting beside Harry with his mouth half-open, doodling absently on his new copy of Advanced Potion-Making. Ron kept forgetting that he could no longer rely on Hermione to help him out of trouble when he failed to grasp what was going on.'... and so,' finished Slughorn, 'I want each of you to come and take one of these phials from my desk. You are to create an antidote for the poison within it before the end of the lesson. Good luck, and don't forget your protective gloves!'Hermione had left her stool and was halfway towards Siughorn's desk before the rest of the class had realised it was time to move, and by the time Harry, Ron and Ernie returned to the table, she had already tipped the contents of her phial into her cauldron and was kindling a fire underneath it.'it's a shame that the Prince won't be able to help you much with this, Harry,' she said brightly as she straightened up. 'You have to understand the principles involved this time. No short cuts or cheats!'Annoyed, Harry uncorked the poison he had taken from Siughorn's desk, which was a garish shade of pink, tipped it into his cauldron and lit a fire underneath it. He did not have the faintest idea what he was supposed to do next. He glanced at Ron, who was now standing there looking rather gormless, having copied everything Harry had done.'You sure the Prince hasn't got any tips?' Ron muttered to Harry.Harry pulled out his trusty copy of Advanced Potion-Making and turned to the chapter on Antidotes. There was Golpalott's Third Law, stated word for word as Hermione had recited it, but not a single illuminating note in the Prince's hand to explain what it meant. Apparently the Prince, like Hermione, had had no difficulty understanding it.'Nothing,' said Harry gloomily.Hermione was now waving her wand enthusiastically over her cauldron. Unfortunately, they could not copy the spell she was doing because she was now so good at non-verbal incan-tations that she did not need to say the words aloud. Ernie Macmillan, however, was muttering, 'Specialis revelio!' over his cauldron, which sounded impressive, so Harry and Ron hastened to imitate him.It took Harry only five minutes to realise that his reputa-tion as the best potion-maker in the class was crashing around his ears. Slughorn had peered hopefully into his cauldron on his first circuit of the dungeon, preparing to exclaim in delight as he usually did, and instead had with-drawn his head hastily, coughing, as the smell of bad eggs overwhelmed him. Hermione's expression could not have been any smugger	 she had loathed being out-performed in every Potions class. She was now decanting the mysteriously separated ingredients of her poison into ten different crystal phials. More to avoid watching this irritating sight than any-thing else, Harry bent over the Half-Blood Prince's book and turned a few pages with unnecessary force.And there it was, scrawled right across a long list of antidotes.Just shove a bezoar down their throats.Harry stared at these words for a moment. Hadn't he once, long ago, heard of bezoars? Hadn't Snape mentioned them in their first ever Potions lesson? 'A stone taken from the stomach of a goat, which will protect from most poisons.'It was not an answer to the Golpalott problem, and had Snape still been their teacher, Harry would not have dared do it, but this was a moment for desperate measures. He hastened towards the store cupboard and rummaged within it, pushing aside unicorn horns and tangles of dried herbs until he found, at the very back, a small card box on which had been scribbled the word 'Bezoars'.He opened the box just as Slughorn called, Two minutes left, everyone!' Inside were half a dozen shrivelled brown objects, looking more like dried-up kidneys than real stones. Harry seized one, put the box back in the cupboard and hurried back to his cauldron.'Time's ... UP!' called Slughorn genially. 'Well, let's see how you've done! Blaise ... what have you got for me?'Slowly, Slughorn moved around the room, examining the various antidotes. Nobody had finished the task, although Hermione was trying to cram a few more ingredients into her bottle before Slughorn reached her. Ron had given up com-pletely, and was merely trying to avoid breathing in the putrid fumes issuing from his cauldron. Harry stood there waiting, the bezoar clutched in a slightly sweaty hand.Slughorn reached their table last. He sniffed Ernie's potion and passed on to Ron's with a grimace. He did not linger over Ron's cauldron, but backed away swiftly, retching slightly.'And you, Harry,' he said. 'What have you got to show me?'Harry held out his hand, the bezoar sitting on his palm.Slughorn looked down at it for a full ten seconds. Harry wondered, for a moment, whether he was going to shout at him. Then he threw back his head and roared with laughter.'You've got a nerve, boy!' he boomed, taking the bezoar and holding it up so that the class could see it. 'Oh, you're like your mother ... well, 1 can't fault you ... a bezoar would certainly act as an antidote to all these potions!'Hermione, who was sweaty-faced and had soot on her nose, looked livid. Her half-finished antidote, comprising fifty-two ingredients including a chunk of her own hair,bubbled sluggishly behind Slughorn, who had eyes for nobody but Harry.'And you thought of a bezoar all by yourself, did you, Harry?' she asked through gritted teeth.That's the individual spirit a real potion-maker needs!' said Slughorn happily, before Harry could reply. 'Just like his mother, she had the same intuitive grasp of potion-making, it's undoubtedly from Lily he gets it ... yes, Harry, yes, if you've got a bezoar to hand, of course that would do the trick ... although as they don't work on everything, and are pretty rare, it's still worth knowing how to mix antidotes ...'The only person in the room looking angrier than Hermione was Malfoy, who, Harry was pleased to see, had spilled some-thing that looked like cat sick over himself. Before either of them could express their fury that Harry had come top of the class by not doing any work, however, the bell rang.Time to pack up!' said Slughorn. 'And an extra ten points to Gryffindor for sheer cheek!'Still chuckling, he waddled back to his desk at the front of the dungeon.Harry dawdled behind, taking an inordinate amount of time to do up his bag. Neither Ron nor Hermione wished him luck as they left	 both looked rather annoyed. At last Harry and Slughorn were the only two left in the room.'Come on, now, Harry, you'll be late for your next lesson,' said Slughorn affably, snapping the gold clasps shut on his dragonskin briefcase.'Sir,' said Harry, reminding himself irresistibly of Voldemort, '1 wanted to ask you something.''Ask away, then, my dear boy, ask away ...'Sir, 1 wondered what you know about ... about Horcruxes?'Slughorn froze. His round face seemed to sink in upon itself. He licked his lips and said hoarsely, 'What did you say?' 'I asked whether you know anything about Horcruxes, sir. You see -''Dumbledore put you up to this,' whispered Slughorn.His voice had changed completely. It was not genial any more, but shocked, terrified. He fumbled in his breast pocket and pulled out a handkerchief, mopping his sweating brow.'Dumbledore's shown you that - that memory,' said Slughorn. 'Well? Hasn't he?''Yes,' said Harry, deciding on the spot that it was best not to lie.'Yes, of course,' said Slughorn quietly, still dabbing at his white face. 'Of course ... well, if you've seen that memory, Harry, you'll know that I don't know anything - anything -he repeated the word forcefully '- about Horcruxes.'He seized his dragonskin briefcase, stuffed his handkerchief back into his pocket and marched to the dungeon door.'Sir,' said Harry desperately, 'I just thought there might be a bit more to the memory -''Did you?' said Slughorn. Then you were wrong, weren't you? WRONG!'He bellowed the last word and, before Harry could say another word, slammed the dungeon door behind him.Neither Ron nor Hermione was at all sympathetic when Harry told them of this disastrous interview Hermione was still seething at the way Harry had triumphed without doing the work properly. Ron was resentful that Harry hadn't slipped him a bezoar, too.'It would've just looked stupid if we'd both done it!' said Harry irritably. 'Look, I had to try and soften him up so I could ask him about Voldemort, didn't I? Oh, will you gel a grip!' he added in exasperation, as Ron winced at the sound of the name.Infuriated by his failure and by Ron and Hermione's atti-tudes, Harry brooded for the next few days over what to do next about Slughorn. He decided that, for the time being, he would let Slughorn think that he had forgotten all about Horcruxes	 it was surely best to lull him into a false sense of security before returning to the attack.When Harry did noi question Slughorn again, the Potions master reverted to his usual affectionate treatment of him, and appeared to have put the matter from his mind. Harry awaited an invitation to one of his little evening parties, determined to accept this time, even if he had to reschedule Quidditch prac- tice. Unfortunately, however, no such invitation arrived. Harry checked with Hermione and Ginny: neither of them had received an invitation and nor, as far as they knew, had anybody else. Harry could not help wondering whether this meant that Slughorn was not quite as forgetful as he appeared, simply determined to give Harry no additional opportunities to question him.Meanwhile, the Hogwarts library had failed Hermione for the first lime in living memory. She was so shocked, she even forgot that she was annoyed at Harry for his trick with the bezoar,'I haven't found one single explanation of what Horcruxes do! she told him. 'Not a single one! I've been right through the restricted section and even in the most horrible books, where they tell you how to brew the most gruesome potions -nothing! All I could find was this, in the introduciion to Magick Mostc Evilc  listen  of the Horcrux, wickedest of magical inventions, we shall not speak nor give direction ... 1 mean, why mention it, then?' she said impatiently, slamming the old book shut	 it let out a ghostly wail. 'Oh, shut up,' she snapped, stuffing it back into her bag. 'I asked whether you know anything about Horcruxes, sir. You see -'Dumbledore put you up to this,' whispered Slughorn,His voice had changed completely. It was not genial any more, but shocked, terrified. He fumbled in his breast pocket and pulled out a handkerchief, mopping his sweating brow.'Dumbledore's shown you that  that memory,' said Slughorn. 'Well? Hasn't he?''Yes,' said Harry, deciding on the spot that it was best not to lie.'Yes, of course,' said Slughorn quietly, still dabbing at his white face. 'Of course ... well, if you've seen that memory, Harry, you'll know that I don't know anything - anything -he repeated the word forcefully '- about Horcruxes.'He seized his dragonskin briefcase, stuffed his handkerchief back into his pocket and marched to the dungeon door.'Sir,' said Harry desperately, '1 just thought there might be a'Did you?' said Slughorn. Then you were wrong, weren't you? WRONG!'He bellowed the last word and, before Harry could say another word, slammed the dungeon door behind him.Neither Ron nor Hermione was at all sympathetic when Harry told them of this disastrous interview. Hermione was still seething at the way Harry had triumphed without doing the work properly. Ron was resentful that Harry hadn't slipped him a bezoar, too.'It would've just looked stupid if we'd both done it!' said Harry irritably. 'Look, 1 had to try and soften him up so 1 could ask him about Voldemort, didn't I? Oh, will you get a grip!' he added in exasperation, as Ron winced at the sound ofInfuriated by his failure and by Ron and Hermione's atti-tudes, Harry brooded for the next few days over what to do next about Slughorn. He decided that, for the time being, he would let Slughorn think that he had forgotten all about Horcruxes	 it was surely best to lull him into a false sense of security before returning to the attack.When Harry did not question Slughorn again, the Potions master reverted to his usual affectionate treatment of him, and appeared to have put the matter from his mind. Harry awaited an invitation to one of his little evening parties, determined to accept this time, even if he had to reschedule Quidditch prac-tice. Unfortunately, however, no such invitation arrived. Harry checked with Hermione and Ginny: neither of them had received an invitation and nor, as far as they knew, had anybody else. Harry could not help wondering whether this meant that Slughorn was not quite as forgetful as he appeared, simply determined to give Harry no additional opportunities to question him.Meanwhile, the Hogwarts library had failed Hermione for the first time in living memory. She was so shocked, she even forgot that she was annoyed at Harry for his trick with the bezoar.'I haven't found one single explanation of what Horcruxes do!' she told him. 'Not a single one! I've been right through the restricted section and even in the most horrible books, where they tell you how to brew the most gruesome potions -nothing! All I could find was this, in the introduction to Magick Moste Evile - listen - of the Horcrux, wickedest of magical inventions, we shall not speak nor give direction ... I mean, why mention it, then?' she said impatiently, slamming the old book shut	 it let out a ghostly wail. 'Oh, shut up,' she snapped, stuffing it back into her bag.The snow melted around the school as February arrived, to be replaced by cold, dreary wetness. Purplish-grey clouds hung low over the castle and a constant fall of chilly rain made the lawns slippery and muddy. The upshot of this was that the sixth-years' first Apparition lesson, which was sched-uled for a Saturday morning so that no normal lessons would be missed, took place in the Great Hall instead of in the grounds.When Harry and Hermione arrived in the Hall (Ron had come down with Lavender) they found that the tables had disappeared. Rain lashed against the high windows and the enchanted ceiling swirled darkly above them as they assembled in front of Professors McGonagall, Snape, Flitwick and Sprout - the Heads of House - and a small wizard whom Harry took to be the Apparition Instructor from the Ministry. He was oddly colourless, with transparent eyelashes, wispy hair and an insubstantial air, as though a single gust of wind might blow him away. Harry wondered whether constant dis-appearances and reappearances had somehow diminished his substance, or whether this frail build was ideal for anyone wishing to vanish.'Good morning,' said the Ministry wizard, when all the stu-dents had arrived and the Heads of House had called for quiet. 'My name is Wilkie Twycross and I shall be your Ministry-Apparition Instructor for the next twelve weeks. 1 hope to be able to prepare you for your Apparition test in this time -''Malfoy, be quiet and pay attention!' barked Professor McGonagall.Everybody looked round. Malfoy had flushed a dull pink	 he looked furious as he stepped away from Crabbe, with whom he appeared to have been having a whispered argu-ment. Harry glanced quickly at Snape, who also looked annoyed, though Harry strongly suspected that this was less because of Malfoy's rudeness than the fact that McGonagall had reprimanded one of his house.'- by which time, many of you may be ready to take your test,' Twycross continued, as though there had been no interruption.'As you may know, it is usually impossible to Apparate or Disapparate within Hogwarts. The Headmaster has lifted this enchantment, purely within the Great Hall, for one hour, so as to enable you to practise. May I emphasise that you will not be able to Apparate outside the walls of this Hall, and that you would be unwise to try.'I would like each of you to place yourselves now so that you have a clear five feet of space in front of you.'There was a great scrambiing and jostling as people separ-ated, banged into each other, and ordered others out of their space. The Heads of House moved among the students, marshalling them into position and breaking up arguments.'Harry, where are you going? 1 demanded Hermione.But Harry did not answer	 he was moving quickly through the crowd, past the place where Professor Flitwick was making squeaky attempts to position a few Ravenclaws, all of whom wanted to be near the front, past Professor Sprout, who was chivvying the Hufflepuffs into line, until, by dodging around Ernie Macmillan, he managed to position himself right at the back of the crowd, directly behind Malfoy, who was taking advantage of the general upheaval to continue his argument with Crabbe, standing five feet away and looking mutinous.'I don't know how much longer, all right?' Malfoy shot at him, oblivious to Harry standing right behind him. 'It's taking longer than I thought it would.'Crabbe opened his mouth, but Malfoy appeared to second-guess what he was going to say.'Look, it's none of your business what I'm doing, Crabbe, you and Goyle just do as you're told and keep a lookout!''! tell my friends what I'm up to, if I want them to keep a lookout for me, Harry said, just loud enough for Malfoy to hear him.Malfoy spun round on the spot, his hand flying to his wand, but at thai precise moment the four Heads of House shouted, 'Quiet!' and silence fell again. Malfoy turned slowly to face the front.Thank you,' said Twycross. :Now then ...'He waved his wand. Old-fashioned wooden hoops instantly appeared on the floor in from of every student.The important things to remember when Apparating are the three Ds!' said Twycross. 'Destination, Determination, Deliberation!'Step one: fix your mind firmly upon the desired destin-ation,' said Twycross. 'In this case, the interior of your hoop. Kindly concentrate upon that destination now.'Everybody looked around furtively, to check that everyone else was staring into their hoop, then hastily did as they were told. Harry gazed at the circular patch of dusty floor enclosed by his hoop and tried hard to think of nothing else. This proved impossible, as he couldn't stop puzzling over what Malfoy was doing that needed lookouts.Step two,' said Twycross, 'focus your determination to occupy the visualised space! Let your yearning to enter it flood from your mind to every particle of your body!'Harry glanced around surreptitiously. A little way to his left, Ernie Macmillan was contemplating his hoop so hard that his face had turned pink	 it looked as though he was straining to lay a Quaffle-sized egg. Harry bit back a laugh and hastily returned his gaze to his own hoop.'Step three,' called Twycross, 'and only when 1 give the com-mand ... lum on the spot, feeiing your way into nothingness, moving with deliberation 1. On my command, now ... one- 1Harry glanced around again	 lots of people were looking positively alarmed at being asked to Apparate so quickly.Harry tried to fix his thoughts on his hoop again	 he had already forgotten what the three Ds stood for.: - THREE!'Harry spun on the spot, lost his balance and nearly fell over. He was not the only one. The whole Hall was suddenly full of staggering people	 Neville was flat on his back
Half-Blood Prince=So, all in all, not one of Ron's better birthdays? said Fred.It was evening	 the hospital wing was quiet, the windows curtained, the lamps lit. Ron's was the only occupied bed. Harry, Hermione, and Ginny were sitting around him	 they had spent all day waiting outside the double doors, trying to see inside whenever somebody went in or out. Madam Pomfrey had only let them enter at eight o'clock. Fred and George had arrived at ten past.This isn't how we imagined handing over our present, said George grimly, putting down a large wrapped gift on Ron's bedside cabinet and sitting beside Ginny.Yeah, when we pictured the scene, he was conscious, said Fred.There we were in Hogsmeade, waiting to surprise him  said George.You were in Hogsmeade? asked Ginny, looking up.We were thinking of buying Zonko's, said Fred gloomily. A Hogsmeade branch, you know, but a fat lot of good it'll do us if you lot aren't allowed out at weekends to buy our stuff anymon ... But never mind that now.He drew up a chair beside Harry and looked at Ron's pale face.How exactly did it happen, Harry?Harry retold the story he had already recounted, it felt like a hundred times to Dumbledore, to McGonagall, to Madam Pomfrey, to Hermione, and to Ginny.. . . and then I got the bezoar down his throat and his breathing eased up a bit, Slughorn ran for help, McGonagall and Madam Pomfrey turned up, and they brought Ron up here. They reckon he'll be all right. Madam Pomfrey says he'll have to stay here a week or so ... keep taking essence of rue . . .Blimey, it was lucky you thought of a bezoar, said George in a low voice.Lucky there was one in the room, said Harry, who kept turning cold at the thought of what would have happened if he had not been able to lay hands on the little stone.Hermione gave an almost inaudible sniff. She had been exceptionally quiet all day. Having hurtled, white-faced, up to Harry outside the hospital wing and demanded to know what had happened., she had taken almost no part in Harry and Ginny's obsessive discussion about how Ron had been poisoned, but merely stood beside them, clench-jawed and frightened-looking, until ai last they had been allowed in to see him.Do Mum and Dad know? Fred asked Ginny. They've already seen him, they arrived an hour ago  they're in Dumbledore's office now, but they'll be back soon. . . .There was a pause while they all watched Ron mumble a little in his sleep.So the poison was in the drink? said Fred quietly.Yes, said Harry at once	 he could think of nothing else and was glad for the opportunity to start discussing it again. Slughorn poured it out Would he have been able to slip something into Ron's glass without you seeing?Probably, said Harry, but why would Slughorn want to poison Ron?No idea, said Fred, frowning. You don't think he could have mixed up the glasses by mistake? Meaning to get you?Why would Slughorn want to poison Harry? asked Ginny. I dunno, said Fred, but there must be loads of people who'd like to poison Harry, mustn't there? 'The Chosen One' and all that? So you think Slughorn's a Death Eater? said Ginny. :,Anything's possible, said Fred darkly. He could be under the Imperius Curse, said George. Or he could be innocent, said Ginny. The poison could have been in the bottle, in which case it was probably meant for Slughorn himself.Who'd want to kill Slughorn?Dumbledore reckons Voldemort wanted Slughorn on his side, said Harry. Slughorn was in hiding for a year before he came to Hogwarts. And . . . He thought of the memory Dumbledore had not yet been able to extract from Slughorn. And maybe Voldemort wants him out of the way, maybe he thinks he could be valuable to Dumbledore.But you said Slughorn had been planning to give th.u Untie to Dumbledore for Christmas, Ginny reminded him. So the poisoner could just as easily have been after Dumbledore.Then the poisoner didn't know Slughorn very well, said Hermione, speaking for the first time in hours and sounding as though she had a bad head cold. Anyone who knew Slughorn would have I known there was a good chance he'd keep something that tasty for himself. IEr-my-nee, croaked Ron unexpectedly from between themThey all fell silent, watching him anxiously, but after muttering incomprehensibly for a moment he merely started snoring.The dormitory doors flew open, making them all jump: Hagrid came striding toward them, his hair rain-flecked, his bearskin coat flapping behind him, a crossbow in his hand, leaving a trail of muddy dolphin-sized footprints all over the floor.Bin in the forest all day! he panted. Aragog's worse, I bin readin' to him  didn' get up ter dinner till jus' now an' then Professor Sprout told me abou' Ron! How is he?Not bad, said Harry. They say he'll be okay.No more than six visitors at a time! said Madam Pomfrey, hurrying out of her office.Hagrid makes six, George pointed out.Oh . . . yes. .. said Madam Pomfrey, who seemed to have been counting Hagrid as several people due to his vastness. To cover her confusion, she hurried off to clear up his muddy foot prints with her wand.I don' believe this, said Hagrid hoarsely, shaking his great shaggy head as he stared down at Ron. Jus' don' believe it... Look at him lyin' there. . . . Who'd want ter hurt him, eh?That's just what we were discussing, said Harry. We don't know.Someone couldn have a grudge against the Gryfinndor Quidditch team, could they? said Hagrid anxiously. Firs' Katie, now Ron . . .I cant see anyone trying to bump off a Quidditch team, saidI m urge.Wood might've done the Slytherins if he could've got away with it, said Fred fairly.Well, I don't think it's Quidditch, but I think there's a connection between the attacks, said Hermione quietlyHow d'you work that out? asked Fred.Well, for one thing, they both ought to have been fatal and weren't, although that was pure luck. And for another, neither the poison nor the necklace seems to have reached the person who was (supposed to be killed. Of course, she added broodingly, that makes the person behind this even more dangerous in a way, because they don't seem to care how many people they finish off In lore they actually reach their victim.Before anybody could respond to this ominous pronouncement, tin- dormitory doors opened again and Mr. and Mrs. Weasley hurried up the ward. They had done no more than satisfy themselves that Ron would make a full recovery on their last visit to the ward	 now Mrs. Weasley seized hold of Harry and hugged him very tighty. Dumbledore's told us how you saved him with the bezoar, she sobbed. Oh, Harry, what can we say? You saved Ginny . . . you saved Arthur , . . now you've saved RonDon't be ... I didn't. . . muttered Harry awkwardly. Half our family does seem to owe you their lives, now I stop and think about it, Mr. Weasley said in a constricted voice. Well, all I can say is that it was a lucky clay for the Weasleys when Ron decided to sit in your compartment on the Hogwarts Expirv., Harry.Harry could not think of any reply to this and was almost gl.i?l when Madam Pomfrey reminded them that there were only supposed to be six visitors around Ron's bed	 he and Hermione rose .h once to leave and Hagrid decided to go with them, leaving Ron with his family.It's terrible, growled Hagrid into his beard, as the three ol them walked back along the corridor to the marble staircase. Ml this new security, an kids are still gettin' hurt. . . . Dumbledoiv's worried sick. . . . He don say much, but I can tell. . . .Hasn't he got any ideas, Hagrid? asked Hermione desperately.I spect he's got hundreds of ideas, brain like his, said Hagrid. But he doesn' know who sent that necklace nor put poison in that wine, or they'dve bin caught, wouldn they? Wha' worries me, said Hagrid, lowering his voice and glancing over his shoulder (Harry, for good measure, checked the ceiling for Peeves), is how long Hogwarts can stay open if kids are bein' attacked. Chamber o' Secrets all over again, isn' it? There'll be panic, more parents takin their kids outta school, an nex' thing yeh know the board o' governors ...Hagrid stopped talking as the ghost of a long-haired woman drifted serenely past, then resumed in a hoarse whisper, . . . the board o' governors'll be talkin about shuttin' us up fer good.Surely not? said Hermione, looking worried.Gotta see it from their point o' view, said Hagrid heavily. I mean, it's always bin a bit of a risk sendin a kid ter Hogwarts, hasn it? Yer expect accidents, don' yeh, with hundreds of underage wizards all locked up tergether, but attempted murder, tha's tliff'rent. 'S'no wonder Dumbledore's angry with Sn Hagrid stopped in his tracks, a familiar, guilty expression on what was visible of his face above his tangled black beard.What? said Harry quickly. Dumbledore's angry with Snape?I never said tha, said Hagrid, though his look of panic could not have been a bigger giveaway. Look at the time, it's gettin' on fer midnight, I need ter Hagrid, why is Dumbledore angry with Snape? Harry asked loudly.Shhhh! said Hagrid, looking both nervous and angry. Don shout stuff like that, Harry, d'yeh wan me ter lose me job? Mind, I don' suppose yeh'd care, would yeh, not now yeh've given up Care of MagDon't try and make me feel guilty, it wont work! said Harry forcefully. What's Snape done?I dunno, Harry, I shouldn'ta heard it at all! I  well, I was comin outta the forest the other evenin an' I overheard 'em talking well, arguin. Didn't like ter draw attention to meself, so I sorta skulked an tried not ter listen, but it was a  well, a heated discussion an' it wasn easy ter block it out.Well? Harry urged him, as Hagrid shuffled his enormous feet uneasily.Well  I jus' heard Snape sayin Dumbledore took too much fer granted an maybe he  Snape  didn wan ter do it any more Do what?I dunno, Harry, it sounded like Snape was feelin a bit overworked, tha's all  anyway, Dumbledore told him flat out he'd agreed ter do it an' that was all there was to it. Pretty firm with him. An' then he said summat abou Snape makin' investigations in his House, in Slytherin. Well, there's nothin' strange abou' that! Hagrid added hastily, as Harry and Hermione exchanged looks full of meaning. All the Heads o' Houses were asked ter look inter that necklace business Yeah, but Dumbledore's not having rows with the rest of them, is he? said Harry.Look, Hagrid twisted his crossbow uncomfortably in his hands	 there was a loud splintering sound and it snapped in two. I know what yeh're like abou' Snape, Harry, an' I don' want yeh ter go readin' more inter this than there is.Look out, said Hermione tersely.They turned just in time to see the shadow of Argus Filch looming over the wall behind them before the man himself turned the corner, hunchbacked, his jowls aquiver.Oho! he wheezed. Out of bed so late, this'll mean detention!No it won', Filch, said Hagrid shortly. They're with me, aren they?And what difference does that make? asked Filch obnoxiously.I'm a ruddy teacher, aren' I, yeh sneakin' Squib! said Hagrid, firing up at once.There was a nasty hissing noise as Filch swelled with fury	 Mrs. Norris had arrived, unseen, and was twisting herself sinuously around Filch's skinny ankles.Get goin, said Hagrid out of the corner of his mouth.Harry did not need telling twice	 he and Hermione both hurried off	 Hagrid's and Filch's raised voices echoed behind them as they ran. They passed Peeves near the turning into Gryffindor Tower, but he was streaking happily toward the source of the yelling, cackling and calling,When there's strife and when there's troubleCall on Peevsie, he'll make double!The Fat Lady was snoozing and not pleased to be woken, but swung forward grumpily to allow them to clamber into the mercifully peaceful and empty common room. It did not seem that people knew about Ron yet	 Harry was very relieved: He had been interrogated enough that day. Hermione bade him good night and set off for the girls' dormitory. Harry, however, remained behind, taking a seat beside the fire and looking down into the dying embers.So Dumbledore had argued with Snape. In spite of all he had told Harry, in spite of his insistence that he trusted Snape completely, he had lost his temper with him. . . . He did not think that Snape had tried hard enough to investigate the Slytherins ... or, perhaps, to investigate a single Slytherin: Malfoy?Was it because Dumbledore did not want Harry to do anything foolish, to take matters into his own hands, that he had pretended there was nothing in Harry's suspicions? That seemed likely. It , might even be that Dumbledore did not want anything to distract Harry from their lessons, or from procuring that memory from Slughorn. Perhaps Dumbledore did not think it right to confide suspicions about his staff to sixteen-year-olds. ...There you are, Potter!Harry jumped to his feet in shock, his wand at the ready. He had been quite convinced that the common room was empty	 he had not been at all prepared for a hulking figure to rise suddenly out of a distant chair. A closer look showed him that it was Cormac McLaggen.I've been waiting for you to come back, said McLaggen, disregarding Harrys drawn wand. Mustve fallen asleep. Look, I saw them taking Weasley up to the hospital wing earlier. Didn't look like he'll be fit for next week's match.It took Harry a few moments to realize what McLaggen was talking about.Oh . . . right. . . Quidditch, he said, putting his wand back into the belt of his jeans and running a hand wearily through his hair. Yeah ... he might not make it.Well, then, I'll be playing Keeper, won't I? said McLaggen.Yeah, said Harry. Yeah, I suppose so. ...He could not think of an argument against it	 after all, McLaggen had certainly performed second-best in the trials.Excellent, said McLaggen in a satisfied voice. So when's practice?What? Oh . . . there's one tomorrow evening.Good. Listen, Potter, we should have a talk beforehand. I've got some ideas on strategy you might find useful.Right, said Harry unenthusiastically. Well, I'll hear them tomorrow, then. I'm pretty tired now ... see you . . .The news that Ron had been poisoned spread quickly next day, but it did not cause the sensation that Katie's attack had done. People seemed to think that it might have been an accident, given that he had been in the Potions master's room at the time, and that as he had been given an antidote immediately there was no real harm done. In fact, the Gryffindors were generally much more interested in the upcoming Quidditch match against Hufflepuff, for many of them wanted to see Zacharias Smith, who played Chaser on the Hufflepuff team, punished soundly for his commentary during the opening match against Slytherin.Harry, however, had never been less interested in Quidditch	 he was rapidly becoming obsessed with Draco Malfoy. Still checking the Marauder's Map whenever he got a chance, he sometimes made detours to wherever Malfoy happened to be, but had not yet detected him doing anything out of the ordinary. And still there were those inexplicable times when Malfoy simply vanished from the map. . . .But Harry did not get a lot of time to consider the problem, what with Quidditch practice, homework, and the fact that he was now being dogged wherever he went by Cormac McLaggen and Lavender Brown.He could not decide which of them was more annoying. McLaggen kept up a constant stream of hints that he would make a better permanent Keeper for the team than Ron, and that now that Harry was seeing him play regularly he would surely come around to this way of thinking too
Half-Blood Prince=Harry and Ron left the hospital wing first thing on Monday morning, restored to full health by the ministrations of Madam Pomfrey and now able to enjoy the benefits of having been knocked out and poisoned, the best of which was that Hermione was friends with Ron again. Hermione even escorted them down to breakfast, bringing with her the news that Ginny had argued with Dean. The drowsing creature in Harry's chest suddenly raised its head, sniffing the air hopefully.What did they row about? he asked, trying to sound casual as they turned onto a seventh-floor corridor that was deserted but for a very small girl who had been examining a tapestry of trolls in tutus. She looked terrified at the sight of the approaching sixth years and dropped the heavy brass scales she was carrying.It's all right! said Hermione kindly, hurrying forward to help her. Here ...She tapped the broken scales with her wand and said, Reparo. The girl did not say thank you, but remained rooted to the spot as they passed and watched them out of sight	 Ron glanced back at her.I swear they're getting smaller, he said.Never mind her, said Harry, a little impatiently. What did Ginny and Dean row about, Hermione?Oh, Dean was laughing about McLaggen hitting that Bludgu at you, said Hermione.It must've looked funny, said Ron reasonably. It didn't look funny at all! said Hermione hotly. It looked terrible and if Coote and Peakes hadn't caught Harry he could have been very badly hurt!Yeah, well, there was no need for Ginny and Dean to split up over it, said Harry, still trying to sound casual. Or are they still together?Yes, they are  but why are you so interested? asked Hermione, giving Harry a sharp look.I just don't want my Quidditch team messed up again! he said hastily, but Hermione continued to look suspicious, and he was most relieved when a voice behind them called, Harry! giving him an excuse to turn his back on her. Oh, hi, Luna.- I went to the hospital wing to find you, said Luna, rummaging in her bag. But they said you'd left...She thrust what appeared to be a green onion, a large spotted toadstool, and a considerable amount of what looked like cat litter into Ron's hands, finally pulling out a rather grubby scroll of parchment that she handed to Harry.. . . I've been told to give you this.It was a small roll of parchment, which Harry recognized at once as another invitation to a lesson with Dumbledore.Tonight, he told Ron and Hermione, once he had unrolled it.Nice commentary last match! said Ron to Luna as she took back the green onion, the toadstool, and the cat litter. Luna smiled vaguely.You're making fun of me, aren't you? she said. Everyone says I was dreadful.No, I'm serious! said Ron earnestly. I can't remember enjoying commentary more! What is this, by the way? he added, holding the onionlike object up to eye level.Oh, it's a Gurdyroot, she said, stuffing the cat litter and the toadstool back into her bag. You can keep it if you like, I've got a few of them. They're really excellent for warding off Gulping Plimpies. And she walked away, leaving Ron chortling, still clutching the Gurdyroot.You know, she's grown on me, Luna, he said, as they set off again for the Great Hall. I know she's insane, but it's in a good  He stopped talking very suddenly. Lavender Brown was standing at the foot of the marble staircase looking thunderous. Hi, said Ron nervously.C'mon, Harry muttered to Hermione, and they sped past, though not before they had heard Lavender say, Why didn't you tell me you were getting out today? And why was she with you?Ron looked both sulky and annoyed when he appeared at breakfast half an hour later, and though he sat with Lavender, Harry did not see them exchange a word all the time they were together. Hermione was acting as though she was quite oblivious to all of this, but once or twice Harry saw an inexplicable smirk cross her face. All that day she seemed to be in a particularly good mood, and that evening in the common room she even consented to look over (in other words, finish writing) Harry's Herbology essay, something she had been resolutely refusing to do up to this point, because she had known that Harry would then let Ron copy his work.Thanks a lot, Hermione, said Harry, giving her a hasty pat on the back as he checked his watch and saw that it was nearly eight o'clock. Listen, Ive got to hurry or I'll be late for Dumbledore. ...She did not answer, but merely crossed out a few of his feebler sentences in a weary sort of way. Grinning, Harry hurried out through the portrait hole and off to the headmasters office. The gargoyle leapt aside at the mention of toffee eclairs, and Harry took the spiral staircase two steps at a time, knocking on the door just as a clock within chimed eight.Enter, called Dumbledore, but as Harry put out a hand to push the door, it was wrenched open from inside. There stood Professor Trelawney.Aha! she cried, pointing dramatically at Harry as she blinked at him through her magnifying spectacles.So this is the reason I am to be thrown unceremoniously from your office, Dumbledore!My dear Sybill, said Dumbledore in a slightly exasperated voice, there is no question of throwing you unceremoniously from anywhere, but Harry does have an appointment, and I really don't think there is any more to be said Very well, said Professor Trelawney, in a deeply wounded voice. If you will not banish the usurping nag, so be it. ...Perhaps I shall find a school where my talents are better appreciated. ...She pushed past Harry and disappeared down the spiral staircase	 they heard her stumble halfway down, and Harry guessed that she had tripped over one of her trailing shawls.Please close the door and sit down, Harry, said Dumbledore, sounding rather tired.Harry obeyed, noticing as he took his usual seat in front of Dumbledore's desk that the Pensieve lay between them once more, as did two more tiny crystal bottles full of swirling memory.Professor Trelawney still isn't happy Firenze is teaching, then? Harry asked.No, said Dumbledore, Divination is turning out to be much more trouble than I could have foreseen, never having studied the subject myself. I cannot ask Firenze to return to the forest, where he is now an outcast, nor can I ask Sybill Trelawney to leave. Between ourselves, she has no idea of the danger she would be in outside the castle. She does not know  and I think it would be unwise to enlighten her  that she made the prophecy about you and Voldemort, you see.Dumbledore heaved a deep sigh, then said, But never mind my staffing problems. We have much more important matters to discuss. Firstly  have you managed the task I set you at the end of our previous lesson?Ah, said Harry, brought up short. What with Apparition lessons and Quidditch and Ron being poisoned and getting his skull cracked and his determination to find out what Draco Malfoy was up to, Harry had almost forgotten about the memory Dumbledore had asked him to extract from Professor Slughorn. Well, I asked Professor Slughorn about it at the end of Potions, sir, but, er, he wouldn't give it to me. There was a little silence.I see, said Dumbledore eventually, peering at Harry over the top of his half-moon spectacles and giving Harry the usual sensation that he was being X-rayed. And you feel that you have exerted your very best efforts in this matter, do you? That you have exercised all of your considerable ingenuity? That you have left no depth of cunning unplumbed in your quest to retrieve the memory?Well, Harry stalled, at a loss for what to say next. His single attempt to get hold of the memory suddenly seemed embarrassingly feeble. Well . . . the day Ron swallowed love potion by mistake I took him to Professor Slughorn. I thought maybe if I got Professor Slughorn in a good enough mood  And did that work? asked Dumbledore. Well, no, sir, because Ron got poisoned   which, naturally, made you forget all about trying to retrieve the memory	 I would have expected nothing else, while your best friend was in danger. Once it became clear that Mr. Weasley was going to make a full recovery, however, I would have hoped that you returned to the task I set you. I thought I made it clear to you how very important that memory is. Indeed, I did my best to impress upon you that it is the most crucial memory of all and that we will be wasting our time without it.A hot, prickly feeling of shame spread from the top of Harrys head all the way down his body. Dumbledore had not raised his voice, he did not even sound angry, but Harry would have preferred him to yell	 this cold disappointment was worse than anything.Sir, he said, a little desperately, it isn't that I wasn't bothered or anything, I've just had other  other things . . .Other things on your mind, Dumbledore finished the sentence for him. I see.Silence fell between them again, the most uncomfortable silence Harry had ever experienced with Dumbledore	 it seemed to go on and on, punctuated only by the little grunting snores of the portrait of Armando Dippet over Dumbledore's head. Harry felt strangely diminished, as though he had shrunk a little since he had entered the room. When he could stand it no longer he said, Professor Dumbledore, I'm really sorry. I should have done more. ... I should have realized you wouldn't have asked me to do it if it wasn't really important.Thank you for saying that, Harry, said Dumbledore quietly. May I hope, then, that you will give this matter higher priority from now on? There will be little point in our meeting after tonight unless we have that memory.I'll do it, sir, I'll get it from him, he said earnestly.Then we shall say no more about it just now, said Dumbledore more kindly, but continue with our story where we left off. You remember where that was?Yes, sir, said Harry quickly. Voldemort killed his father and his grandparents and made it look as though his Uncle Morfin did it. Then he went back to Hogwarts and he asked ... he asked Professor Slughorn about Horcruxes, he mumbled shamefacedly.Very good, said Dumbledore. Now, you will remember, I hope, that I told you at the very outset of these meetings of ours that we would be entering the realms of guesswork and speculation?Yes, sir.Thus far, as I hope you agree, I have shown you reasonably firm sources of fact for my deductions as to what Voldemort did until the age of seventeen?Harry nodded.But now, Harry, said Dumbledore, now things become murkier and stranger. If it was difficult to find evidence about the boy Riddle, it has been almost impossible to find anyone prepared to reminisce about the man Voldemort. In fact, I doubt whether there is a soul alive, apart from himself, who could give us a full account of his life since he left Hogwarts. However, I have two last memories that I would like to share with you. Dumbledore indicated the two little crystal bottles gleaming beside the Pensieve. I shall then be glad of your opinion as to whether the conclusions I have drawn from them seem likely.The idea that Dumbledore valued his opinion this highly made Harry feel even more deeply ashamed that he had failed in the task of retrieving the Horcrux memory, and he shifted guiltily in his seat as Dumbledore raised the first of the two bottles to the light and examined it.I hope you are not tired of diving into other people's memories, for they are curious recollections, these two, he said. This first one came from a very old house-elf by the name of Hokey. Before we see what Hokey witnessed, I must quickly recount how Lord Voldemort left Hogwarts.He reached the seventh year of his schooling with, as you might have expected, top grades in every examination he had taken. All around him, his classmates were deciding which jobs they were to pursue once they had left Hogwarts. Nearly everybody expected spectacular things from Tom Riddle, prefect, Head Boy, winner of the Award for Special Services to the School. I know that several teachers, Professor Slughorn amongst them, suggested that he join the Ministry of Magic, offered to set up appointments, put him in touch with useful contacts. He refused all offers. The next thing the staff knew, Voldemort was working at Borgin and Burkes.At Borgin and Burkes? Harry repeated, stunned.At Borgin and Burkes, repeated Dumbledore calmly. I think you will see what attractions the place held for him when we have entered Hokey's memory. But this was not Voldemort's first choice of job. Hardly anyone knew of it at the time  I was one of the few in whom the then headmaster confided  but Voldemort first approached Professor Dippet and asked whether he could remain at Hogwarts as a teacher.He wanted to stay here? Why? asked Harry, more amazed still.I believe he had several reasons, though he confided none of them to Professor Dippet, said Dumbledore. Firstly, and very importantly, Voldemort was, I believe, more attached to this school than he has ever been to a person. Hogwarts was where he had been happiest	 the first and only place he had felt at home.Harry felt slightly uncomfortable at these words, for this was exactly how he felt about Hogwarts too.Secondly, the castle is a stronghold of ancient magic. Undoubtedly Voldemort had penetrated many more of its secrets than most of the students who pass through the place, but he may have felt that there were still mysteries to unravel, stores of magic to tap.And thirdly, as a teacher, he would have had great power and influence over young witches and wizards. Perhaps he had gained the idea from Professor Slughorn, the teacher with whom he was on best terms, who had demonstrated how influential a role a teacher can play. I do not imagine for an instant that Voldemort envisaged spending the rest of his life at Hogwarts, but I do think that he saw it as a useful recruiting ground, and a place where he might begin to build himself an army.But he didn't get the job, sir?No, he did not. Professor Dippet told him that he was too young at eighteen, but invited him to reapply in a few years, if he still wished to teach.How did you feel about that, sir? asked Harry hesitantly. Deeply uneasy, said Dumbledore. I had advised Armando against the appointment  I did not give the reasons I have given you, for Professor Dippet was very fond of Voldemort and convinced of his honesty. But I did not want Lord Voldemort back at this school, and especially not in a position of power.Which job did he want, sir? What subject did he want to teach?Somehow, Harry knew the answer even before Dumbledore gave it.Defense Against the Dark Arts. It was being taught at the time by an old Professor by the name of Galatea Merrythought, who had been at Hogwarts for nearly fifty years.So Voldemort went off to Borgin and Burkes, and all the staff who had admired him said what a waste it was, a brilliant young wizard like that, working in a shop. However, Voldemort was no mere assistant. Polite and handsome and clever, he was soon given particular jobs of the type that only exist in a place like Borgin and Burkes, which specializes, as you know, Harry, in objects with unusual and powerful properties. Voldemort was sent to persuade people to part with their treasures for sale by the partners, and he was, by all accounts, unusually gifted at doing this.I'll bet he was, said Harry, unable to contain himself.Well, quite, said Dumbledore, with a faint smile. And now it is time to hear from Hokey the house-elf, who worked for a very old, very rich witch by the name of Hepzibah Smith.Dumbledore tapped a bottle with his wand, the cork flew out, and he tipped the swirling memory into the Pensieve, saying as he did so, After you, Harry.Harry got to his feet and bent once more over the rippling silver contents of the stone basin until his face touched them. He tumbled through dark nothingness and landed in a sitting room in front of an immensely fat old lady wearing an elaborate ginger wig and a brilliant pink set of robes that flowed all around her, giving her the look of a melting iced cake. She was looking into a small jeweled mirror and dabbing rouge onto her already scarlet cheeks with a large powder puff, while the tiniest and oldest house-elf Harry had ever seen laced her fleshy feet into tight satin slippers.Hurry up, Hokey! said Hepzibah imperiously. He said he'd come at four, it's only a couple of minutes to and he's never been late yet!She tucked away her powder puff as the house-elf straightened up. The top of the elf's head barely reached the seat of Hepzibah's chair, and her papery skin hung off her frame just like the crisp linen sheet she wore draped like a toga.How do I look? said Hepzibah, turning her head to admire the various angles of her face in the mirror.Lovely, madam, squeaked Hokey.Harry could only assume that it was down in Hokeys contract that she must lie through her teeth when asked this question, because Hepzibah Smith looked a long way from lovely in his opinion.A tinkling doorbell rang and both mistress and elf jumped.Quick, quick, he's here, Hokey! cried Hepzibah and the elf scurried out of the room, which was so crammed with objects that it was difficult to see how anybody could navigate their way across it without knocking over at least a dozen things: There were cabinets full of little lacquered boxes, cases full of gold-embossed books, shelves of orbs and celestial globes, and many flourishing potted plants in brass containers. In fact, the room looked like a cross between a magical antique shop and a conservatory.The house-elf returned within minutes, followed by a tall young man Harry had no difficulty whatsoever in recognizing as Voldemort. He was plainly dressed in a black suit	 his hair was a little longer than it had been at school and his cheeks were hollowed, but all of this suited him	 he looked more handsome than ever. He picked his way through the cramped room with an air that showed he had visited many times before and bowed low over Hepzibah's fat little hand, brushing it with his lips.I brought you flowers, he said quietly, producing a bunch of roses from nowhere.You naughty boy, you shouldn't have! squealed old Hepzibah, though Harry noticed that she had an empty vase standing ready on the nearest little table. You do spoil this old lady, Tom. ... Sit down, sit down. . . . Where's Hokey? Ah ...The house-elf had come dashing back into the room carrying a tray of little cakes, which she set at her mistress's elbow.Help yourself, Tom, said Hepzibah, I know how you love my cakes. Now, how are you? You look pale. They overwork you at that shop, I've said it a hundred times. ...Voldemort smiled mechanically and Hepzibah simpered. .|,!Well, what's your excuse for visiting this time? she asked, bat-ring her lashes.Mr. Burke would like to make an improved offer for the goblin-made armor, said Voldemort. Five hundred Galleons, he feels it is a more than fair Now, now, not so fast, or Ill think you're only here for my trinkets! pouted Hepzibah.I am ordered here because of them, said Voldemort quietly. I am only a poor assistant, madam, who must do as he is told. Mr. Burke wishes me to inquire Oh, Mr. Burke, phooey! said Hepzibah, waving a little hand. I've something to show you that I've never shown Mr. Burke! Can you keep a secret, Tom? Will you promise you won't tell Mr. Burke I've got it? He'd never let me rest if he knew I'd shown it to you, and I'm not selling, not to Burke, not to anyone! But you, Tom, you'll appreciate it for its history, not how many Galleons you can get for it.I'd be glad to see anything Miss Hepzibah shows me, said Voldemort quietly, and Hepzibah gave another girlish giggle.I had Hokey bring it out for me . . . Hokey, where are you? I want to show Mr. Riddle our finest treasure. ... In fact, bring both, while you're at it. ...Here, madam, squeaked the house-elf, and Harry saw two leather boxes, one on top of the other, moving across the room as if of their own volition, though he knew the tiny elf was holding them over her head as she wended her way between tables, ***pouffes, and footstools.Now, said Hepzibah happily, taking the boxes from the elf, laying them in her lap, and preparing to open the topmost one, I think you'll like this, Tom. . . . Oh, if my family knew I was showing you. . . . They can't wait to get their hands on this!She opened the lid. Harry edged forward a little to get a better view and saw what looked like a small golden cup with two finely wrought handles.I wonder whether you know what it is, Tom? Pick it up, have a good look! whispered Hepzibah, and Voldemort stretched out a long-fingered hand and lifted the cup by one handle out of its snug silken wrappings. Harry thought he saw a red gleam in his dark eyes. His greedy expression was curiously mirrored on Hepzibahs face, except that her tiny eyes were fixed upon Voldemort's handsome features.A badger, murmured Voldemort, examining the engraving upon the cup. Then this was . . . ?Helga Hufflepuff 's, as you very well know, you clever boy! said Hepzibah, leaning forward with a loud creaking of corsets and actually pinching his hollow cheek. Didn't I tell you I was distantly descended? This has been handed down in the family for years and years. Lovely, isn't it? And all sorts of powers it's supposed to possess too, but I haven't tested them thoroughly, I just keep it nice and safe in here. . . .She hooked the cup back off Voldemort's long forefinger and restored it gently to its box, too intent upon settling it carefully back into position to notice the shadow that crossed Voldemort's face as the cup was taken away.Now then, said Hepzibah happily, wheres Hokey? Oh yes, there you are  take that away now, Hokey.The elf obediently took the boxed cup, and Hepzibah turned her attention to the much flatter box in her lap.I think you'll like this even more, Tom, she whispered. Lean in a little, dear boy, so you can see. . . . Of course, Burke knows I've got this one, I bought it from him, and I daresay he'd love to get it back when I'm gone. ...She slid back the fine filigree clasp and flipped open the box. There upon the smooth crimson velvet lay a heavy golden locket.Voldemort reached out his hand, without invitation this time, and held it up to the light, staring at it.Slytherin's mark, he said quietly, as the light played upon an ornate, serpentine S.That's right! said Hepzibah, delighted, apparently, at the sight of Voldemort gazing at her locket, transfixed. I had to pay an arm and a leg for it, but I couldn't let it pass, not a real treasure like that, had to have it for my collection. Burke bought it, apparently, from a ragged-looking woman who seemed to have stolen it, but had no idea of its true value There was no mistaking it this time: Voldemort's eyes flashed scarlet at the words, and Harry saw his knuckles whiten on the locket's chain. I daresay Burke paid her a pittance but there you are. . . . Pretty, isn't it? And again, all kinds of powers attributed to it, though I just keep it nice and safe. . . .She reached out to take the locket back. For a moment, Harry thought Voldemort was not going to let go of it, but then it had slid through his fingers and was back in its red velvet cushion.So there you are, Tom, clear, and I hope you enjoyed that!She looked him full in the face and for the first time, Harry saw her foolish smile falter.Are you all right, dear?Oh yes, said Voldemort quietly. Yes, I'm very well. ...I thought  but a trick of the light, I suppose  said Hepzibah, looking unnerved, and Harry guessed that she too had seen the momentary red gleam in Voldemort's eyes. Here, Hokey, take these away and lock them up again. ... The usual enchantments...Time to leave, Harry, said Dumbledore quietly, and as the in tie elf bobbed away bearing the boxes, Dumbledore grasped Harry once again above the elbow and together they rose up through oblivion and back to Dumbledore's office.Hepzibah Smith died two days after that little scene, said Dumbledore, resuming his seat and indicating that Harry should do the same. Hokey the house-elf was convicted by the Ministry of poisoning her mistress's evening cocoa by accident.No way! said Harry angrily.I see we are of one mind, said Dumbledore. Certainly, then are many similarities between this death and that of the Riddles. In both cases, somebody else took the blame, someone who had a clear memory of having caused the death  Hokey confessed?She remembered putting something in her mistress's cocoa that turned out not to be sugar, but a lethal and little-known poison, said Dumbledore. It was concluded that she had not meant to do it, but being old and confused Voldemort modified her memory, just like he did with Morfin! Yes, that is my conclusion too, said Dumbledore. And, just as with Morfin, the Ministry was predisposed to suspect Hokey  because she was a house-elf, said Harry. He had rarely felt more in sympathy with the society Hermione had set up, S.P.E.W. Precisely, said Dumbledore. She was old, she admitted to having tampered with the drink, and nobody at the Ministry bothered to inquire further. As in the case of Morfin, by the time I traced her and managed to extract this memory, her life was almost over  but her memory, of course, proves nothing except that Voldemort knew of the existence of the cup and the locket.By the time Hokey was convicted, Hepzibah's family had realized that two of her greatest treasures were missing. It took them a while to be sure of this, for she had many hiding places, having always guarded her collection most jealously. But before they were sure beyond doubt that the cup and the locket were both gone, the assistant who had worked at Borgin and Burkes, the young man who had visited Hepzibah so regularly and charmed her so well, had resigned his post and vanished. His superiors had no idea where he had gone	 they were as surprised as anyone at his disappearance. And that was the last that was seen or heard of Tom Riddle for a very long time.Now, said Dumbledore, if you don't mind, Harry, I want to pause once more to draw your attention to certain points of our story. Voldemort had committed another murder	 whether it was his first since he killed the Riddles, I do not know, but I think it was. This time, as you will have seen, he killed not for revenge, but for gain. He wanted the two fabulous trophies that poor, besotted, old woman showed him. Just as he had once robbed the other children at his orphanage, just as he had stolen his Uncle Morfins ring, so he ran off now with Hepzibahs cup and locket.But, said Harry, frowning, it seems mad. . . . Risking everything, throwing away his job, just for those . . .Mad to you, perhaps, but not to Voldemort, said Dumbledore. I hope you will understand in due course exactly what those objects meant to him, Harry, but you must admit that it is not difficult to imagine that he saw the locket, at least, as rightfully his. The locket maybe, said Harry, but why take the cup as well?It had belonged to another of Hogwartss founders, said Dumbledore. I think he still felt a great pull toward the school and that he could not resist an object so steeped in Hogwarts history. There were other reasons, I think. ... I hope to be able to demonstrate them to you in due course.And now for the very last recollection I have to show you, at least until you manage to retrieve Professor Slughorn's memory for us. Ten years separates Hokeys memory and this one, ten years during which we can only guess at what Lord Voldemort was doing. . . . Harry got to his feet once more as Dumbledore emptied the last memory into the Pensieve.Whose memory is it? he asked. Mine, said Dumbledore.And Harry dived after Dumbledore through the shifting silver mass, landing in the very office he had just left. There was Fawkes slumbering happily on his perch, and there behind the desk was Dumbledore, who looked very similar to the Dumbledore standing beside Harry, though both hands were whole and undamaged and his face was, perhaps, a little less lined. The one difference between the present-day office and this one was that it was snowing in the past	 bluish flecks were drifting past the window in the dark and building up on the outside ledge.The younger Dumbledore seemed to be waiting for something, and sure enough, moments after their arrival, there was a knock on the door and he said, Enter.Harry let out a hastily stifled gasp. Voldemort had entered the room. His features were not those Harry had seen emerge from the great stone cauldron almost two years ago: They were not as snake-like, the eyes were not yet scarlet, the face not yet masklike, and yet he was no longer handsome Tom Riddle. It was as though his features had been burned and blurred	 they were waxy and oddly distorted, and the whites of the eyes now had a permanently bloody look, though the pupils were not yet the slits that Harry knew they would become. He was wearing a long black cloak, and his face was as pale as the snow glistening on his shoulders.The Dumbledore behind the desk showed no sign of surprise. Evidently this visit had been made by appointment.Good evening, Tom, said Dumbledore easily. Won't you sit down?Thank you, said Voldemort, and he took the seat to which Dumbledore had gestured  the very seat, by the looks of it, that Harry had just vacated in the present. I heard that you had become headmaster, he said, and his voice was slightly higher and colder than it had been. A worthy choice.I am glad you approve, said Dumbledore, smiling. May I offer you a drink?That would be welcome, said Voldemort. I have come a long way.Dumbledore stood and swept over to the cabinet where he now kept the Pensieve, but which then was full of bottles. Having handed Voldemort a goblet of wine and poured one for himself, he returned to the seat behind his desk. . So, Tom ... to what do I owe the pleasure?Voldemort did not answer at once, but merely sipped his wine.They do not call me 'Tom' anymore, he said. These days, 1 am known as I know what you are known as, said Dumbledore, smiling, pleasantly. But to me, I'm afraid, you will always be Tom Riddle. It is one of the irritating things about old teachers. I am afraid that they never quite forget their charges' youthful beginnings.He raised his glass as though toasting Voldemort, whose face remained expressionless. Nevertheless, Harry felt the atmosphere in the room change subtly: Dumbledore's refusal to use Voldemorts chosen name was a refusal to allow Voldemort to dictate the terms of the meeting, and Harry could tell that Voldemort took it as such.I am surprised you have remained here so long, said Voldemort after a short pause. I always wondered why a wizard such as yourself never wished to leave school.Well, said Dumbledore, still smiling, to a wizard such as myself, there can be nothing more important than passing on ancient skills, helping hone young minds. If I remember correctly, you once saw the attraction of teaching too.I see it still, said Voldemort. I merely wondered why you  who are so often asked for advice by the Ministry, and who have twice, I think, been offered the post of Minister Three times at the last count, actually, said Dumbledore. But the Ministry never attracted me as a career. Again, something we have in common, I think.Voldemort inclined his head, unsmiling, and took another sip of wine. Dumbledore did not break the silence that stretched between them now, but waited, with a look of pleasant expectancy, for Voldemort to talk first.I have returned, he said, after a little while, later, perhaps, than Professor Dippet expected . . . but I have returned, nevertheless, to request again what he once told me I was too young to have. I have come to you to ask that you permit me to return to this castle, to teach. I think you must know that I have seen and done much since I left this place. I could show and tell your students things they can gain from no other wizard.Dumbledore considered Voldemort over the top of his own goblet for a while before speaking.Yes, I certainly do know that you have seen and done much since leaving us, he said quietly. Rumors of your doings have reached your old school, Tom. I should be sorry to believe half of them.Voldemort's expression remained impassive as he said, Greatness inspires envy, envy engenders spite, spite spawns lies. You must know this, Dumbledore.You call it 'greatness,' what you have been doing, do you? asked Dumbledore delicately.Certainly, said Voldemort, and his eyes seemed to burn red. I have experimented	 I have pushed the boundaries of magic further, perhaps, than they have ever been pushed Of some kinds of magic, Dumbledore corrected him quietly. Of some. Of others, you remain . . . forgive me . . . woefully ignorant.For the first time, Voldemort smiled. It was a taut leer, an evil thing, more threatening than a look of rage.The old argument, he said softly. But nothing I have seen in the world has supported your famous pronouncements that love is more powerful than my kind of magic, Dumbledore.Perhaps you have been looking in the wrong places, suggested Dumbledore.Well, then, what better place to start my fresh researches than here, at Hogwarts? said Voldemort. Will you let me return? Will you let me share my knowledge with your students? I place myself and my talents at your disposal. I am yours to command.Dumbledore raised his eyebrows. And what will become of those whom you command? What will happen to those who call themselves  or so rumor has it  the Death Eaters?Harry could tell that Voldemort had not expected Dumbledore to know this name
Half-Blood Prince=Harry wracked his brains over the next week as to how he was to persuade Slughorn to hand over the true memory, but nothing in the nature of a brain wave occurred and he was reduced to doing what he did increasingly these days when at a loss: poring over his Potions book, hoping that the Prince would have scribbled something useful in a margin, as he had done so many times before.You won't find anything in there, said Hermione firmly, late on Sunday evening.Don't start, Hermione, said Harry. If it hadn't been for the Prince, Ron wouldn't be sitting here now.He would if you'd just listened to Snape in our first year, said Hermione dismissively.Harry ignored her. He had just found an incantation Sectum-sempra! scrawled in a margin above the intriguing words For enemies, and was itching to try it out, but thought it best not to in front of Hermione. Instead, he surreptitiously folded down the corner of the page. They were sitting beside the fire in the common room	 the only other people awake were fellow sixth years. There had been a cer-tain amount of excitement earlier when they had come back from dinner to find a new sign on the notice board that announced the date for their Apparition Test. Those who would be seventeen on or before the first test date, the twenty-first of April, had the option of signing up for additional practice sessions, which would take place (heavily supervised) in Hogsmeade.Ron had panicked on reading this notice	 he had still not man-aged to Apparate and feared he would not be ready for the test. Hermione, who had now achieved Apparition twice, was a little more confident, but Harry, who would not be seventeen for an-other four months, could not take the test whether ready or not.At least you can Apparate, though! said Ron tensely. You'll have no trouble come July!I've only done it once, Harry reminded him	 he had finally managed to disappear and rematerialize inside his hoop during their previous lesson.Having wasted a lot of time worrying aloud about Apparition, Ron was now struggling to finish a viciously difficult essay for Snape that Harry and Hermione had already completed. Harry fully expected to receive low marks on his, because he had disagreed with Snape on the best way to tackle dementors, but he did not care: Slughorns memory was the most important thing to him now.I'm telling you, the stupid Prince isn't going to be able to help you with this, Harry! said Hermione, more loudly. There's only one way to force someone to do what you want, and that's the Imperius Curse, which is illegal Yeah, I know that, thanks, said Harry, not looking up from the book. That's why I'm looking for something different. Dumbledorf says Veritaserum won't do it, but there might be something else, a potion or a spell. . . .You're going about it the wrong way, said Hermione. Only you can get the memory, Dumbledore says. That must mean you can persuade Slughorn where other people cant. It's not a question of slipping him a potion, anyone could do that How do you spell 'belligerent'? said Ron, shaking his quill very hard while staring at his parchment. It can't be B  U  M No, it isn't, said Hermione, pulling Ron's essay toward her. And 'augury' doesn't begin O  R  G either. What kind of quill are you using?It's one of Fred and George's Spell-Check ones, but I think the charm must be wearing off.Yes, it must, said Hermione, pointing at the title of his essay, because we were asked how we'd deal with dementors, not 'Dug-bogs', and I don't remember you changing your name to 'Roonil Wazlib either.Ah no! said Ron, staring horror-struck at the parchment. Don't say I'll have to write the whole thing out again!It's okay, we can fix it, said Hermione, pulling the essay toward her and taking out her wand.I love you, Hermione, said Ron, sinking back in his chair, rub-bing his eyes wearily. Hermione turned faintly pink, but merely said, Don't let Lavender hear you saying that.1 won't, said Ron into his hands. Or maybe I will, then she'll ditch me.Why don't you ditch her if you want to finish it? asked Harry.You haven't ever chucked anyone, have you? said Ron. You and Cho just Sort of fell apart, yeah, said Harry.Wish that would happen with me and Lavender, said Ron gloomily, watching Hermione silently tapping each of his mis-spelled words with the end of her wand, so that they corrected themselves on the page. But the more I hint I want to finish it, the tighter she holds on. It's like going out with the giant squid.There, said Hermione, some twenty minutes later, handing back Ron's essay.Thanks a million, said Ron. Can I borrow your quill for the conclusion? Harry, who had found nothing useful in the Half-Blood Prince's notes so far, looked around	 the three of them were now the only ones left in the common room, Seamus having just gone up to bed cursing Snape and his essay. The only sounds were the crackling of the fire and Ron scratching out one last paragraph on dementors using Hermione's quill. Harry had just closed the Half-Blood Prince's book, yawning, when Crack!Hermione let out a little shriek	 Ron spilled ink all over his freshly completed essay, and Harry said, Kreacher!The house-elf bowed low and addressed his own gnarled toes. Master said he wanted regular reports on what the Malfoy boy is doing, so Kreacher has come to give--Crack!Dobby appeared alongside Kreacher, his tea-cozy hat askew. Dobby has been helping too, Harry Potter! he squeaked, cast-ing Kreacher a resentful look. And Kreacher ought to tell Dobby when he is coming to see Harry Potter so they can make their re-ports together!What is this? asked Hermione, still looking shocked by these sudden appearances. What's going on, Harry? Harry hesitated before answering, because he had not told Her-mione about setting Kreacher and Dobby to tail Malfoy	 house-elves were always such a touchy subject with her.Well. . . they've been following Malfoy for me, he said.Night and day, croaked Kreacher.Dobby has not slept for a week, Harry Potter! said Dobby proudly, swaying where he stood. Hermione looked indignant.You haven't slept, Dobby? But surely, Harry, you didn't tell him not to No, of course I didn't, said Harry quickly. Dobby, you can sleep, all right? But has either of you found out anything? he has-tened to ask, before Hermione could intervene again.Master Malfoy moves with a nobility that befits his pure blood, croaked Kreacher at once. His features recall the fine bones of my mistress and his manners are those ofDraco Malfoy is a bad boy! squeaked Dobby angrily. A bad boy who  who  He shuddered from the tassel of his tea cozy to the toes of his socks and then ran at the fire, as though about to dive into it. Harry, to whom this was not entirely unexpected, caught him around the middle and held him fast. For a few seconds Dobby struggled, then went limp.Thank you, Harry Potter, he panted. Dobby still finds it dif-ficult to speak ill of his old masters. Harry released him	 Dobby straightened his tea cozy and said defiantly to Kreacher, But Kreacher should know that Draco Malfoy is not a good master to a house-elf!Yeah, we don't need to hear about you being in love with Malfoy, Harry told Kreacher. Let's fast forward to where he's actually been going.Kreacher bowed again, looking furious, and then said, Master Malfoy eats in the Great Hall, he sleeps in a dormitory in the dun-geons, he attends his classes in a variety ofDobby, you tell me, said Harry, cutting across Kreacher. Has he been going anywhere he shouldn't have?Harry Potter, sir, squeaked Dobby, his great orblike eyes shining in the firelight, the Malfoy boy is breaking no rules that Dobby can discover, but he is still keen to avoid detection. He has been making regular visits to the seventh floor with a variety of other students, who keep watch for him while he enters The Room of Requirement! said Harry, smacking himself hard on the forehead with Advanced Potion-Making. Hermione and Ron stared at him. That's where he's been sneaking off to! That's where he's doing whatever he's doing! And I bet that's why he's been disappearing off the map  come to think of it, I've never seen the Room of Requirement on there!Maybe the Marauders never knew the room was there, said Ron.I think it'll be part of the magic of the room, said Hermione. If you need it to be unplottable, it will be.Dobby, have you managed to get in to have a look at what Malfoy's doing? said Harry eagerly.No, Harry Potter, that is impossible, said Dobby.No, it's not, said Harry at once. Malfoy got into our head-quarters there last year, so I'll be able to get in and spy on him, no problem.But I don't think you will, Harry, said Hermione slowly. Mal-foy already knew exactly how we were using the room, didn't he, because that stupid Marietta had blabbed. He needed the room to become the headquarters of the D.A., so it did. But you don't know what the room becomes when Malfoy goes in there, so you don't know what to ask it to transform into.There'll be a way around that, said Harry dismissively. You've done brilliantly, Dobby.Kreachers done well too, said Hermione kindly	 but far from looking grateful, Kreacher averted his huge, bloodshot eyes and croaked at the ceiling, The Mudblood is speaking to Kreacher, Kreacher will pretend he cannot hear Get out of it, Harry snapped at him, and Kreacher made one last deep bow and Disapparated. You'd better go and get some sleep too, Dobby.Thank you, Harry Potter, sir! squeaked Dobby happily, and he too vanished.How good is this? said Harry enthusiastically, turning to Ron and Hermione the moment the room was elf-free again. We know where Malfoy's going! We've got him cornered now!Yeah, it's great, said Ron glumly, who was attempting to mop up the sodden mass of ink chat had recently been an almost com-pleted essay. Hermione pulled it toward her and began siphoning the ink off with her wand.But what's all this about him going up there with a variety of students'? said Hermione. How many people are in on it? You wouldn't think he'd trust lots of them to know what he's do-ing---Yeah, that is weird, said Harry, frowning. I heard him telling Crabbe it wasn't Crabbe's business what he was doing... so what's he telling all these... all these... Harry's voice tailed away	 he was staring at the fire. God, I've been stupid, he said quietly. Its obvious, isn't it? There was a great vat of it down in the dungeon. . . . He couldve nicked some any time during that lesson. . . .Nicked what? said Ron.Polyjuice Potion. He stole some of the Polyjuice Potion Slug-horn showed us in our first Potions lesson There aren't a whole variety of students standing guard for Malfoy it's just Crabbe and Goyle as usual. Yeah, it all fits! said Harry, jumping up and starting to pace in front of the fire. They're stupid enough to do what they're told even if he won't tell them what he's up to, but he doesn't want them to be seen lurking around outside the Room of Requirement, so he's got them taking Polyjuice to make them look like other people Those two girls I saw him with when he missed Quidditch  ha! Crabbe and Goyle!Do you mean to say, said Hermione in a hushed voice, that that little girl whose scales I repaired  ?Yeah, of course! said Harry loudly, staring at her. Of course! Malfoy must've been inside the room at the time, so she  what am I talking about?  he dropped the scales to tell Malfoy not to corne out, because there was someone there! And there was that girl who dropped the toadspawn too! We've been walking past him all the time and not realizing it!He's got Crabbe and Goyle transforming into girls? guffawed Ron. Blimey no wonder they don't look too happy these days. I'm surprised they don't tell him to stuff it.Well, they wouldn't, would they, if he's shown them his Dark Mark? said Harry.Hmmm... the Dark Mark we don't know exists, said Hermi-one skeptically, rolling up Ron's dried essay before it could come to any more harm and handing it to him.We'll see said Harry confidently.Yes, we will, Hermione said, getting to her feet and stretching. But, Harry, before you get all excited, I still don't think you'll be able to get into the Room of Requirement without knowing what's there first'. And I don't think you should forget  she heaved her bag onto her shoulder and gave him a very serious look  that what you're supposed to be concentrating on is getting that memory from Slughorn. Good night.Harry watched her go, feeling slightly disgruntled. Once the door to the girls' dormitories had closed behind her he rounded on Ron. What d'you think?Wish I could Disapparate like a house-elf, said Ron, staring at the spot where Dobby had vanished. I'd have that Apparition Test in the bag.Harry did not sleep well that night. He lay awake for what felt like hours, wondering how Malfoy was using the Room of Requirement and what he, Harry, would see when he went in there the following day, for whatever Hermione said, Harry was sure that if Malfoy had-=- been able to see the headquarters of the D.A., he would be able to see Malfoy's, what could it be? A meeting place? A hideout? A ston room? A workshop? Harrys mind worked feverishly and his dreams, when he finally fell asleep, were broken and disturbed by images of Malfoy, who turned into Slughorn, who turned into SnapeHarry was in a state of great anticipation over breakfast the following morning	 he had a free period before Defense Against the Dark Arts and was determined to spend it trying to get into the Room of Requirement. Hermione was rather ostentatiously showing no interest in his whispered plans for forcing entry into the room, which irritated Harry, because he thought she might be a lot of help if she wanted to.Look, he said quietly, leaning forward and putting a hand on the Daily Prophet, which she had just removed from a post owl, to stop her from opening it and vanishing behind it. I haven't for-gotten about Slughorn, but I haven't got a clue how to get that memory off him, and until I get a brain wave why shouldn't I find out what Malfoy's doing?I've already told you, you need to persuade Slughorn, said Her-mione. It's not a question of tricking him or bewitching him, or Dumbledore could have done it in a second. Instead of messing around outside the Room of Requirement  she jerked the Prophet out from under Harrys hand and unfolded it to look at the front page  you should go and find Slughorn and start appeal-ing to his better nature.Anyone we know  ? asked Ron, as Hermione scanned the headlines.Yes! said Hermione, causing both Harry and Ron to gag on their breakfast. But it's all right, he's not dead  its Mundungus, he's been arrested and sent to Azkaban! Something to do with impersonating an Inferius during an attempted burglary, and someone called Octavius Pepper has vanished. Oh, and how horrible, a nine-year-old boy has been arrested for trying to kill his grandparents, they think he was under the Imperius Curse.They finished their breakfast in silence. Hermione set off imme-diately for Ancient Runes	 Ron for the common room, where he still had to finish his conclusion on Snape's dementor essay, and Harry for the corridor on the seventh floor and the stretch of wall opposite the tapestry of Barnabas the Barmy teaching trolls to do ballet.Harry slipped on his Invisibility Cloak once he had found an empty passage, but he need not have bothered. When he reached his destination he found it deserted. Harry was not sure whether his chances of getting inside the room were better with Malfoy in-side it or out, but at least his first attempt was not going to be complicated by the presence of Crabbe or Goyle pretending to be an eleven-year-old girl.He closed his eyes as he approached the place where the Room of Requirement's door was concealed. He knew what he had to do	 he had become most accomplished at it last year. Concentrating with all his might he thought, I need to see what Malfoy's doing in here... I need to see what Malfoy's doing in here... I need to see what Malfoy's doing in here...Three times he walked past the door	 then, his heart pounding with excitement, he opened his eyes and faced it  but he was still looking at a stretch of mundanely blank wall. He moved forward and gave it an experimental push. The stone remained solid and unyielding.Okay, said Harry aloud. Okay... I thought the wrong thing... He pondered for a moment then set off again, eyes closed, con-centrating as hard as he could. I need to see the place where Malfoy keeps coming secretly... I need to see the place where Malfoy keeps coming secretly... After three walks past, he opened his eyes expectantly.There was no door.Oh, come off it, he told the wall irritably. That was a clear instruction. Fine. He thought hard for several minutes before striding off once more. I need you to become the place you become for Draco Malfoy...He did not immediately open his eyes when he had finished his patrolling
Half-Blood Prince=Patches of bright blue sky were beginning to appear over the castle turrets, but these signs of approaching summer did not lift Harry's mood. He had been thwarted, both in his attempts to find out what Malfoy was doing, and in his efforts to start a conversation with Slughorn that might lead, somehow, to Slughorn hand-ing over the memory he had apparently suppressed for decades.For the last time, just forget about Malfoy, Hermione told Harry firmly.They were sitting with Ron in a sunny corner of the courtyard after lunch. Hermione and Ron were both clutching a Ministry of Magic leaflet  Common Apparition Mistakes and How to Avoid Them  for they were taking their tests that very afternoon, but by and large the leaflets had not proved soothing to the nerves.Ron gave a start and tried to hide behind Hermione as a girl came around the corner.It isn't Lavender, said Hermione wearily.Oh, good, said Ron, relaxing.Harry Potter? said the girl. I was asked to give you this.Thanks...Harry's heart sank as he took the small scroll of parchment. Once the girl was out of earshot he said, Dumbledore said we wouldn't be having any more lessons until I got the memory!Maybe he wants to check on how you're doing? suggested Hermione, as Harry unrolled the parchment	 but rather than finding Dumbledore's long, narrow, slanted writing he saw an untidy sprawl, very difficult to read due to the presence of large blotches on the parchment where the ink had run.Dear Harry, Ron and Hermione!Aragog died last night. Harry and Ron, you met him and you know how special he was.Hermione, I know you'd have liked him.It would mean a lot to me if you'd nip down for the burial later this evening.I'm planning on doing it round dusk, that was his favorite time of day.I know you're not supposed to be out that late, but you can use the cloak.Wouldn't ask, but I can't face it alone.HagridLook at this, said Harry, handing the note to Hermione. Oh, for heaven's sake, she said, scanning it quickly and passing it to Ron, who read it through looking increasingly incredulous. He's mental he said furiously. That thing told its mates to eat Harry and me! Told them to help themselves! And now Hagrid ex-pects us to go down there and cry over its horrible hairy body!Its not just that, said Hermione. He's asking us to leave the castle at night and he knows security's a million times tighter and how much trouble we'd be in if we were caught.We've been down to see him by night before, said Harry.Yes, but for something like this? said Hermione. We've risked a lot to help Hagrid out, but after all  Aragog's dead. If it were a question of saving him  I'd want to go even less, said Ron firmly. You didn't meet him, Hermione. Believe me, being dead will have improved him a lot.Harry took the note back and stared down at all the inky blotches all over it. Tears had clearly fallen thick and fast upon the parchment. . . .Harry, you can't be thinking of going, said Hermione. It's such a pointless thing to get detention for.Harry sighed. Yeah, I know, he said. I s'pose Hagrid'll have to bury Aragog without us.Yes, he will, said Hermione, looking relieved. Look, Potions will be almost empty this afternoon, with us all off doing our tests. . . . Try and soften Slughorn up a bit then!Fifty-seventh time lucky, you think? said Harry bitterly.Lucky, said Ron suddenly. Harry, that's it  get lucky!What d'you mean?Use your lucky potion!Ron, that's  that's it! said Hermione, sounding stunned. Of course! Why didn't I think of it?Harry stared at them both. Felix Felicis? he said. I dunno . . . I was sort of saving it. ...What for? demanded Ron incredulously.What on earth is more important than this memory, Harry? asked Hermione.Harry did not answer. The thought of that little golden bottle had hovered on the edges of his imagination for some time	 vague and unformulated plans that involved Ginny splitting up with Dean, and Ron somehow being happy to see her with a new boyfriend, had been fermenting in the depths of his brain, unacknowledged except during dreams or the twilight time between sleeping and waking. . . .Harry? Are you still with us? asked Hermione.Wha  ? Yeah, of course, he said, pulling himself together. Well. . . okay. If I can't get Slughorn to talk this afternoon, I'll take some Felix and have another go this evening.That's decided, then, said Hermione briskly, getting to her feet and performing a graceful pirouette. Destination . . . determina-tion . . . deliberation . . . she murmured.Oh, stop that, Ron begged her, I feel sick enough as it is  quick, hide me!It isn't Lavender! said Hermione impatiently, as another cou-ple of girls appeared in the courtyard and Ron dived behind her.Cool, said Ron, peering over Hermiones shoulder to check. Blimey, they don't look happy, do they?They're the Montgomery sisters and of course they don't look happy, didn't you hear what happened to their little brother? said Hermione.I'm losing track of what's happening to everyone's relatives, to be honest, said Ron.Well, their brother was attacked by a werewolf. The rumor is that their mother refused to help the Death Eaters. Anyway, the boy was only five and he died in St. Mungos, they couldn't save him.He died? repeated Harry, shocked. But surely werewolves don't kill, they just turn you into one of them?They sometimes kill, said Ron, who looked unusually grave now. I've heard of it happening when the werewolf gets carried away.What was the werewolf's name? said Harry quickly.Well, the rumor is that it was that Fenrir Greyback, said Hermione.I knew it  the maniac who likes attacking kids, the one Lupin told me about! said Harry angrily.Hermione looked at him bleakly.Harry, you've got to get that memory, she said. It's all about stopping Voldemort, isn't it? These dreadful things that are hap-pening are all down to him. . . .The bell rang overhead in the castle and both Hermione and Ron jumped to their feet, looking terrified.You'll do fine, Harry told them both, as they headed toward the entrance hall to meet the rest of the people taking their Ap-parition Test. Good luck.And you too! said Hermione with a significant look, as Harry headed off to the dungeons.There were only three of them in Potions that afternoon: Harry, Ernie, and Draco Malfoy.All too young to Apparate just yet? said Slughorh genially, Not turned seventeen yet?They shook their heads.Ah well, said Slughorn cheerily, as we're so few, we'll do something for fun. I want you all to brew me up something amusing!That sounds good, sir, said Ernie sycophantically, rubbing his hands together. Malfoy, on the other hand, did not crack a smile. What do you mean, 'something amusing'? he said irritably. Oh, surprise me, said Slughorn airily.Malfoy opened his copy of Advanced Potion-Making with a sulky expression. It could not have been plainer that he thought this les-son was a waste of time. Undoubtedly, Harry thought, watching him over the top of his own book, Malfoy was begrudging the time he could otherwise be spending in the Room of Requirement.Was it his imagination, or did Malfoy, like Tonks, look thinner! Certainly he looked paler	 his skin still had that grayish tinge, probably because he so rarely saw daylight these days. But there was no air of smugness, excitement, or superiority	 none of the swagger that he had had on the Hogwarts Express, when he had boasted openly of the mission he had been given by Voldemort. . . . There could be only one conclusion, in Harry's opinion: The mission, whatever it was, was going badly.Cheered by this thought, Harry skimmed through his copy of Advanced Potion-Making and found a heavily corrected Half-Blood Prince's version of An Elixir to Induce Euphoria, which seemed not only to meet Slughorn's instructions, but which might (Harry's heart leapt as the thought struck him) put Slughorn into such a good mood that he would be prepared to hand over that memory if Harry could persuade him to taste some. . . .Well, now, this looks absolutely wonderful, said Slughorn an hour and a half later, clapping his hands together as he stared down into the sunshine yellow contents of Harry's cauldron. Euphoria, I take it? And what's that I smell? Mmmm . . . you've added just a sprig of peppermint, haven't you? Unorthodox, but what a stroke of inspiration, Harry, of course, that would tend to counterbalance the occa-sional side effects of excessive singing and nose-tweaking. ... I really don't know where you get these brain waves, my boy . . . unless Harry pushed the Half-Blood Prince's book deeper into his bag with his foot. it's just your mother's genes coming out in you!Oh . . . yeah, maybe, said Harry, relieved.Ernie was looking rather grumpy	 determined to outshine Harry for once, he had most rashly invented his own potion, which had curdled and formed a kind of purple dumpling at the bottom of his cauldron. Malfoy was already packing up, sour-faced	 Slughorn had pronounced his Hiccuping Solution merely passable...	.The bell rang and both Ernie and Malfoy left at once. Sir, Harry began, but Slughorn immediately glanced over his shoulder	 when he saw that the room was empty but for himself and Harry, he hurried away as fast as he could.Professor  Professor, don't you want to taste my po  ? called Harry desperately.But Slughorn had gone. Disappointed, Harry emptied the caul-dron, packed up his things, left the dungeon, and walked slowly back upstairs to the common room.Ron and Hermione returned in the late afternoon.Harry! cried Hermione as she climbed through the portrait hole. Harry, I passed!-Well done! he said. And Ron?He  he just failed, whispered Hermione, as Ron came slouching into the room looking most morose. It was really unlucky, a tiny thing, the examiner just spotted that he'd left half an eyebrow behind. . . How did it go with Slughorn?No joy, said Harry, as Ron joined them. Bad luck, mate, but you'll pass next time  we can take it together.Yeah, I s'pose, said Ron grumpily. But half an eyebrow  like that matters!I know, said Hermione soothingly, it does seem really harsh. ...They spent most of their dinner roundly abusing the Apparition examiner, and Ron looked fractionally more cheerful by the time they set off back to the common room, now discussing the continuing problem of Slughorn and the memory.So, Harry  you going to use the Felix Felicis or what? Ron demanded.Yeah, I s'pose I'd better, said Harry. I don't reckon I'll need all of it, not twenty-four hours' worth, it can't take all night.... I'll just take a mouthful. Two or three hours should do it.It's a great feeling when you take it, said Ron reminiscently. Like you can't do anything wrong.What are you talking about? said Hermione, laughing. You've never taken any!Yeah, but I thought I had, didn't I? said Ron, as though ex-plaining the obvious. Same difference really ...As they had only just seen Slughorn enter the Great Hall and knew that he liked to take time over meals, they lingered for a while in the common room, the plan being that Harry should go to Slughorn s office once the teacher had had time to get back there. When the sun had sunk to the level of the treetops in the Forbid-den Forest, they decided the moment had come, and after check-ing carefully that Neville, Dean, and Seamus were all in the common room, sneaked up to the boys' dormitory.Harry took out the rolled-up socks at the bottom of his trunk and extracted the tiny, gleaming bottle.Well, here goes, said Harry, and he raised the little bottle and look a carefully measured gulp.What does it feel like? whispered Hermione.Harry did not answer for a moment. Then, slowly but surely, an exhilarating sense of infinite opportunity stole through him	 he felt as though he could have done anything, anything at all... and getting the memory from Slughorn seemed suddenly not only pos-sible, but positively easy. . . .He got to his feet, smiling, brimming with confidence.Excellent, he said. Really excellent. Right. . . I'm going down to Hagrid's.What? said Ron and Hermione together, looking aghast.No, Harry  you've got to go and see Slughorn, remember? said Hermione.No, said Harry confidently. I'm going to Hagrid's, I've got a good feeling about going to Hagrid's.You've got a good feeling about burying a giant spider? asked Ron, looking stunned.Yeah, said Harry, pulling his Invisibility Cloak out of his bag. I feel like it's the place to be tonight, you know what I mean?No, said Ron and Hermione together, both looking positively alarmed now.This is Felix Felicis, I suppose? said Hermione anxiously, holding up the bottle to the light. You haven't got another little bottle full of I don't know Essence of Insanity? suggested Ron, as Harry swung his cloak over his shoulders.Harry laughed, and Ron and Hermione looked even more alarmed.Trust me, he said. I know what I'm doing ... or at least he strolled confidently to the door Felix does.He pulled the Invisibility Cloak over his head and set off down the stairs, Ron and Hermione hurrying along behind him. At the foot of the stairs, Harry slid through the open door.What were you doing up there with her! shrieked Lavender Brown, staring right through Harry at Ron and Hermione emerging together from the boys' dormitories. Harry heard Ron splutter-ing behind him as he darted across the room away from them.Getting through the portrait hole was simple	 as he approached it, Ginny and Dean came through it, and Harry was able to slip between them. As he did so, he brushed accidentally against Ginny.Don't push me, please, Dean, she said, sounding annoyed. 	 You're always doing that, I can get through perfectly well on my own. ...The portrait swung closed behind Harry, but not before he had heard Dean make an angry retort.. . . His feeling of elation in-creasing, Harry strode off through the castle. He did not have to creep along, for he met nobody on his way, but this did not surprise him in the slightest. This evening, he was the luckiest person at Hogwarts.Why he knew that going to Hagrid's was the right thing to do, he had no idea. It was as though the potion was illuminating a few steps of the path at a time. He could not see the final destination, he could not see where Slughorn came in, but he knew that he was going the right way to get that memory. When he reached the en-trance hall he saw that Filch had forgotten to lock the front door. Beaming, Harry threw it open and breathed in the smell of clean air and grass for a moment before walking down the steps into the dusk.It was when he reached the bottom step that it occurred to him how very pleasant it would be to pass the vegetable patch on his walk to Hagrid's. It was not strictly on the way, but it seemed clear to Harry that this was a whim on which he should act, so he di-rected his feet immediately toward the vegetable patch, where he was pleased, but not altogether surprised, to find Professor Slughorn in conversation with Professor Sprout. Harry lurked be-hind a low stone wall, feeling at peace with the world and listening to their conversation.I do thank you for taking the time, Pomona, Slughorn was saying courteously, most authorities agree that they are at their most efficacious if picked at twilight.Oh, I quite agree, said Professor Sprout warmly. That enough for you?Plenty, plenty, said Slughorn, who, Harry saw, was carrying an armful of leafy plants. This should allow for a few leaves for each of my third years, and some to spare if anybody over-stews them. . . . Well, good evening to you, and many thanks again!Professor Sprout headed off into the gathering darkness in the direction of her greenhouses, and Slughorn directed his steps to the spot where Harry stood, invisible.:Seized with an immediate desire to reveal himself, Harry pullet I off the cloak with a flourish.Good evening, Professor.Merlins beard, Harry, you made me jump, said Slughotn, stopping dead in his tracks and looking wary. How did you get out of the castle?I think Filch must've forgotten to lock the doors, said Harry cheerfully, and was delighted to see Slughorn scowl.I'll be reporting that man, he's more concerned about litter than proper security if you ask me. . . . But why are you out then, Harry?Well, sir, it's Hagrid, said Harry, who knew that the right thing to do just now was to tell the truth. He's pretty upset. . . But you won't tell anyone, Professor? I don't want trouble for him. ...Slughorn's curiosity was evidently aroused. Well, I can't promise that, he said gruffly. But I know that Dumbledore trusts Hagrid to the hilt, so I'm sure he can't be up to anything very dreadful. ...Well, it's this giant spider, he's had it for years. ... It lived in the forest. ... It could talk and everything I heard rumors there were acromantulas in the forest, said Slughorn softly, looking over at the mass of black trees. It's true, then?Yes, said Harry. But this one, Aragog, the first one Hagrid ever got, it died last night. He's devastated. He wants company while he buries it and I said I'd go.Touching, touching, said Slughorn absentmindedly, his large droopy eyes fixed upon the distant lights of Hagrid's cabin. But acromantula venom is very valuable ... If the beast only just died it might not yet have dried out. . . . Of course, I wouldn't want to do anything insensitive if Hagrid is upset. . . but if there was any way to procure some ... I mean, its almost impossible to get venom from an acromantula while its alive. ...Slughorn seemed to be talking more to himself than Harry now. . . . seems an awful waste not to collect it... might get a hun-dred Galleons a pint. ... To be frank, my salary is not large. . . .And now Harry saw clearly what was to be done. Well, he said, with a most convincing hesitancy, well, if you wanted to come, Professor, Hagrid would probably be really pleased. . . . Give Aragog a better send-off, you know ...Yes, of course, said Slughorn, his eyes now gleaming with en-thusiasm. I tell you what, Harry, I'll meet you down there with a bottle or two. . . . We'll drink the poor beast's  well  not health  but we'll send it off in style, anyway, once it's buried. And I'll change my tie, this one is a little exuberant for the occa-sion. . . .He bustled back into the castle, and Harry sped off to Hagrid's, delighted with himself.Yen came, croaked Hagrid, when he opened the door and saw Harry emerging from the Invisibility Cloak in front of him.Yeah  Ron and Hermione couldn't, though, said Harry. They're really sorry.Don  don matter . . . Hed've bin touched yeh're here, though, Harry. . . .Hagrid gave a great sob. He had made himself a black armband out of what looked like a rag dipped in boot polish, and his eyes were puffy, red, and swollen. Harry patted him consolingly on the elbow, which was the highest point of Hagrid he could easily reach.Where are we burying him? he asked. The forest?Blimey, no, said Hagrid, wiping his streaming eyes on the bot-tom of his shirt. The other spiders won' let me anywhere near their webs now Aragog's gone. Turns out it was only on his orders they didn' eat me! Can yeh believe that, Harry?The honest answer was yes	 Harry recalled with painful ease the scene when he and Ron had come face-to-face with the aero-mantulas. They had been quite clear that Aragog was the only thing that stopped them from eating Hagrid.Never bin an area o' the forest I couldn' go before! said Hagrid, shaking his head. It wasn' easy, gettin' Aragog's body out o' there, I can tell yeh  they usually eat their dead, see. . . . But I wanted ter give 'im a nice burial... a proper send-off. . .He broke into sobs again and Harry resumed the patting of his elbow, saying as he did so (for the potion seemed to indicate that it was the right thing to do), Professor Slughorn met me coming down here, Hagrid.Not in trouble, are yeh? said Hagrid, looking up, alarmed. Yeh shouldn be outta the castle in the evenin', I know it, it's my fault No, no, when he heard what I was doing he said he'd like to come and pay his last respects to Aragog too, said Harry.He's gone to change into something more suitable, I thinkand he said he'd bring some bottles so we can drink to Aragog's mem-ory...Did he? said Hagrid, looking both astonished and touched. Tha's  tha's righ' nice of him, that is, an' not turnin' yeh in ei-ther. I've never really had a lot ter do with Horace Slughorn before. .. . Comin' ter see old Aragog off, though, eh? Well. . . hed've liked that, Aragog would. . . .:Harry thought privately that what Aragog would have liked most about Slughorn was the ample amount of edible flesh he pro-vided, but he merely moved to the rear window of Hagrid's hut, where he saw the rather horrible sight of the enormous dead spider lying on its back outside, its legs curled and tangled.Are we going to bury him here, Hagrid, in your garden?Jus' beyond the pumpkin patch, I thought, said Hagrid in a choked voice. I've already dug the  yeh know  grave. Jus' thought we'd say a few nice things over him  happy memories, yeh know His voice quivered and broke. There was a knock on the door, and he turned to answer it, blowing his nose on his great spotted handkerchief as he did so. Slughorn hurried over the threshold, several bottles in his arms, and wearing a somber black cravat.Hagrid, he said, in a deep, grave voice. So very sorry to hear of your loss.Tha's very nice of yeh, said Hagrid. Thanks a lot. An' thanks fer not givin Harry detention neither. . . .Wouldn't have dreamed of it, said Slughorn. Sad night, sad night. . . Where is the poor creature?Out here, said Hagrid in a shaking voice. Shall we  shall we do it, then?The three of them stepped out into the back garden. The moon was glistening palely through the trees now, and its rays mingled with the light spilling from Hagrid's window to illuminate Aragogs body lying on the edge of a massive pit beside a ten-foot- high mound of freshly dug earth.Magnificent, said Slughorn, approaching the spiders head, where eight milky eyes stared blankly at the sky and two huge, curved pincers shone, motionless, in the moonlight. Harry thougln he heard the tinkle of bottles as Slughorn bent over the pincers, apparently examining the enormous hairy head.Its not ev'ryone appreciates how beau'iful they are said H grid to Slughorn's back, tears leaking from the corners of his crinkled eyes. I didn' know yeh were interested in creatures like Aragog, Horace.Interested? My dear Hagrid, I revere them, said Slughorn, stepping back from the body. Harry saw the glint of a bottle disap-pear beneath his cloak, though Hagrid, mopping his eyes once more, noticed nothing. Now . . . shall we proceed to the burial?Hagrid nodded and moved forward. He heaved the gigantic spi-der into his arms and, with an enormous grunt, rolled it into the dark pit. It hit the bottom with a rather horrible, crunchy thud. Hagrid started to cry again.Of course, it's difficult for you, who knew him best, said Slughorn, who like Harry could reach no higher than Hagrid's el-bow, but patted it all the same. Why don't I say a few words?He must have got a lot of good quality venom from Aragog, Harry thought, for Slughorn wore a satisfied smirk as he stepped up to the rim of the pit and said, in a slow, impressive voice, Farewell, Aragog, king of arachnids, whose long and faithful friendship those who knew you won't forget! Though your body will decay, your spirit lingers on in the quiet, web-spun places of your forest home. May your many-eyed descendants ever flourish and your human friends find solace for the loss they have sustained.Tha was . . . tha was . . . beau'iful! howled Hagrid, and he collapsed onto the compost heap, crying harder than ever.There, there, said Slughorn, waving his wand so that the huge pile of earth rose up and then fell, with a muffled sort of crash, onto the dead spider, forming a smooth mound. Lets get inside and have a drink. Get on his other side, Harry. . . . That's it. ... Up you come, Hagrid . . . Well done ...They deposited Hagrid in a chair at the table. Fang, who had been skulking in his basket during the burial, now came padding softly across to them and put his heavy head into Harry's lap as usual. Slughorn uncorked one of the bottles of wine he had brought.I have had it all tested for poison, he assured Harry, pouring most of the first bottle into one of Hagrid's bucket-sized mugs and handing it to Hagrid. Had a house-elf taste every bottle after what happened to your poor friend Rupert.Harry saw, in his mind's eye, the expression on Hermione's face if she ever heard about this abuse of houseelves, and decided never to mention it to her.One for Harry . . . said Slughorn, dividing a second bottle be-tween two mugs, . . . and one for me. Well  he raised his mug high  to Aragog.Aragog, said Harry and Hagrid together. Both Slughorn and Hagrid drank deeply. Harry, however, with the way ahead illuminated for him by Felix Felicis, knew that he must not drink, so he merely pretended to take a gulp and then set the mug back on the table before him.I had him from an egg, yeh know, said Hagrid morosely. 'Tiny little thing he was when he hatched. 'Bout the size of a PekingeseSweet, said Slughorn.Used ter keep him in a cupboard up at the school until . . . well...Hagrid's face darkened and Harry knew why: Tom Riddle had contrived to have Hagrid thrown out of school, blamed for opening the Chamber of Secrets. Slughorn, however, did not seem to be listening	 he was looking up at the ceiling, from which a number of brass pots hung, and also a long, silky skein of bright white hair.That's not unicorn hair, Hagrid?Oh, yeah, said Hagrid indifferently. Gets pulled out of their tails, they catch it on branches an' stuff in the forest, yeh know ...But my dear chap, do you know how much that's worth?I use it fer bindin' on bandages an stuff if a creature gets in jured, said Hagrid, shrugging. It's dead useful. . . very strong.Slughorn took another deep draught from his mug, his eyes moving carefully around the cabin now, looking, Harry knew, for more treasures that he might be able to convert into a plentiful su ply of oak-matured mead, crystalized pineapple, and velvet smok-ing jackets. He refilled Hagrid's mug and his own, and questioned him about the creatures that lived in the forest these days and how Hagrid was able to look after them all. Hagrid, becoming expan-sive under the influence of the drink and Slughorn's flattering in-terest, stopped mopping his eyes and entered happily into a long explanation of bowtruckle husbandry.The Felix Felicis gave Harry a little nudge at this point, and he noticed that the supply of drink that Slughorn had brought was running out fast. Harry had not yet managed to bring off the Re-filling Charm without saying the incantation aloud, but the idea that he might not be able to do it tonight was laughable: Indeed, Harry grinned to himself as, unnoticed by either Hagrid or Slug-liorn (now swapping tales of the illegal trade in dragon eggs) he pointed his wand under the table at the emptying bottles and they immediately began to refill.After an hour or so, Hagrid and Slughorn began making extravagant toasts: to Hogwarts, to Dumbledore, to elf-made wine, and to-Harry Potter! bellowed Hagrid, slopping some of his four-teenth bucket of wine down his chin as he drained it.Yes, indeed, cried Slughorn a little thickly, Parry Otter, the Chosen Boy Who  well  something of that sort, he mumbled, and drained his mug too.
Half-Blood Prince=Harry could feel the Felix Felicis wearing off as he creeped back into the castle. The front door had remained un locked for him, but on the third floor he met Peeves and only narrowly avoided detection by diving sideways through one of his shortcuts. By the time he got up to the portrait of the Fat Lady and pulled off his Invisibility Cloak, he was not surprised to find her in a most unhelpful mood.What sort of time do you call this?I'm really sorry  I had to go out for something important Well, the password changed at midnight, so you'll just have to sleep in the corridor, won't you?You're joking! said Harry. Why did it have to change at midnight?That's the way it is, said the Fat Lady. If you're angry, go and take it up with the headmaster, he's the one who's tightened security.Fantastic, said Harry bitterly, looking around at the hard floor. Really brilliant. Yeah, I would go and take it up with Dumbledore if he was here, because he's the one who wanted me to He is here, said a voice behind Harry. Professor Dumbledore returned to the school an hour ago.Nearly Headless Nick was gliding toward Harry, his head wob-bling as usual upon his ruff.I had it from the Bloody Baron, who saw him arrive, said Nick. He appeared, according to the Baron, to be in good spirits, though a little tired, of course.Where is he? said Harry, his heart leaping,Oh, groaning and clanking up on the Astronomy Tower, it's a, favorite pastime of his Not the Bloody Baron  Dumbledore!Oh  in his office, said Nick. I believe, from what the Baron said, that he had business to attend to before turning in Yeah, he has, said Harry, excitement blazing in his chest at the prospect of telling Dumbledore he had secured the memory. He wheeled about and sprinted off again, ignoring the Fat Lady who was calling after him.Come back! All right, I lied! I was annoyed you woke me up! The password's still 'tapeworm'!But Harry was already hurtling back along the corridor and within minutes, he was saying toffee eclairs to Dumbledore's gar-goyle, which leapt aside, permitting Harry entrance onto the spiral staircase.Enter, said Dumbledore when Harry knocked. He sounded exhausted. Harry pushed open the door. There was Dumbledore's office, looking the same as ever, but with black, star-strewn skies beyond the windows.Good gracious, Harry, said Dumbledore in surprise. To what do I owe this very late pleasure?Sir  I've got it. Ive got the memory from Slughorn.Harry pulled out the tiny glass bottle and showed it to Dumbledore. For a moment or two, the headmaster looked stunned. Then his face split in a wide smile.Harry, this is spectacular news! Very well done indeed! I knew you could do it!All thought of the lateness of the hour apparently forgotten, he hurried around his desk, took the bottle with Slughorn's memory in his uninjured hand, and strode over to the cabinet where he kepi the Pensieve.And now, said Dumbledore, placing the stone basin upon the desk and emptying the contents of the bottle into it. Now, at last. we shall see. Harry, quickly . . .Harry bowed obediently over the Pensieve and felt his feet leave the office floor. . . . Once again he fell through darkness and landed in Horace Slughorn's office many years before. There was the much younger Slughorn, with his thick, shiny, straw-colored hair and his gingery-blond mustache, sitting again in the comfortable winged armchair in his office, his feet resting upon a velvet pouffe, a small glass of wine in one hand, the other rummaging in a box of crystallized pineapple. And there were the half dozen teenage boys sitting around Slughorn with Tom Riddle in the midst of them, Marvolo's gold-and-black ring gleaming on his finger.Dumbledore landed beside Harry just as Riddle asked, Sir is it true that Professor Merrythought is retiring?Tom, Tom, if I knew I couldn't tell you, said Slughorn, wag-ging his finger reprovingly at Riddle, though winking at the same time. I must say, I'd like to know where you get your information, boy, more knowledgeable than half the staff, you are.Riddle smiled	 the other boys laughed and cast him admiring looks.What with your uncanny ability to know things you shouldn't, and your careful flattery of the people who matter  thank you for the pineapple, by the way, you're quite right, it is my favorite  Several of the boys tittered again.  I confidently expect you to rise to Minister of Magic within twenty years. Fifteen, if you keep sending me pineapple, I have ex-cellent contacts at the Ministry.Tom Riddle merely smiled as the others laughed again. Harry noticed that he was by no means the eldest of the group of boys, but that they all seemed to look to him as their leader.I don't know that politics would suit me, sir, he said when the laughter had died away. I don't have the right kind of background, for one thing.A couple of the boys around him smirked at each other. Harry was sure they were enjoying a private joke, undoubtedly about what they knew, or suspected, regarding their gang leader's famous ancestor.Nonsense, said Slughorn briskly, couldn't be plainer you come from decent Wizarding stock, abilities like yours. No, you'll go far, Tom, I've never been wrong about a student yet.The small golden clock standing upon Slughorn's desk chimed eleven o'clock behind him and he looked around.Good gracious, is it that time already? You'd better get going boys, or we'll all be in trouble. Lestrange, I want your essay by in morrow or it's detention. Same goes for you, Avery.One by one, the boys filed out of the room. Slughorn heaved himself out of his armchair and carried his empty glass over to his desk. A movement behind him made him look around	 Riddle was still standing there.Look sharp, Tom, you don't want to be caught out of bed out of hours, and you a prefect.. .Sir, I wanted to ask you something. -' Ask away, then, m'boy, ask away. . . .Sir, I wondered what you know about. . . about Horcruxes?'Slughorn stared at him, his thick ringers absentmindedly clawing the stem of his wine glass.Project for Defense Against the Dark Arts, is it?But Harry could tell that Slughorn knew perfectly well that this was not schoolwork.Not exactly, sir, said Riddle. I came across the term while reading and I didn't fully understand it.No . . . well. . . you'd be hard-pushed to find a book at Hogwarts that'll give you details on Horcruxes, Tom, that's very Dark stuff, very Dark indeed, said Slughorn.But you obviously know all about them, sir? I mean, a wizard like you  sorry, I mean, if you can't tell me, obviously  I just knew if anyone could tell me, you could  so I just thought I'd It was very well done, thought Harry, the hesitancy, the casual tone, the careful flattery, none of it overdone. He, Harry, had had too much experience of trying to wheedle information out of re-luctant people not to recognize a master at work. He could tell that Riddle wanted the information very, very much	 perhaps had been working toward this moment for weeks.Well, said Slughorn, not looking at Riddle, but fiddling with the ribbon on top of his box of crystallized pineapple, well, it can't hurt to give you an overview, of course. Just so that you understand t he term. A Horcrux is the word used for an object in which a per-son has concealed part of their soul.I don't quite understand how that works, though, sir, said Riddle.His voice was carefully controlled, but Harry could sense his excitement.Well, you split your soul, you see, said Slughorn, and hide part of it in an object outside the body. Then, even if one's body is attacked or destroyed, one cannot die, for part of the soul remains earthbound and undamaged. But of course, existence in such a form ...Slughorn's face crumpled and Harry found himself remember-ing words he had heard nearly two years before: I was ripped from my body, I was less than spirit, less than the meanest ghost. . . but still, I was alive.... few would want it, Tom, very few. Death would be preferable.But Riddle's hunger was now apparent	 his expression was greedy, he could no longer hide his longing.How do you split your soul?Well, said Slughorn uncomfortably, you must understand that the soul is supposed to remain intact and whole. Splitting n it I an act of violation, it is against nature.But how do you do it?By an act of evil  the supreme act of evil. By commiting murder. Killing rips the soul apart. The wizard intent upon creating a Horcrux would use the damage to his advantage: He would encase the torn portion Encase? But how  ?There is a spell, do not ask me, I don't know! said Slughoin shaking his head like an old elephant bothered by mosquitoes.  Do I look as though I have tried it  do I look like a killer?No, sir, of course not, said Riddle quickly. I'm sorry ... I didn't mean to offend . . .Not at all, not at all, not offended, said Slughorn gruffly, It is natural to feel some curiosity about these things. . . . Wizards of a certain caliber have always been drawn to that aspect of magic. . . .Yes, sir, said Riddle. What I don't understand, though  just out of curiosity  I mean, would one Horcrux be much use? Can you only split your soul once? Wouldn't it be better, make you stronger, to have your soul in more pieces, I mean, for instance, isn't seven the most powerfully magical number, wouldn't seven  ?Merlin's beard, Tom! yelped Slughorn. Seven! Isn't it bad enough to think of killing one person? And in any case . . . bad enough to divide the soul . . . but to rip it into seven pieces . . .Slughorn looked deeply troubled now: He was gazing at Riddle as though he had never seen him plainly before, and Harry could tell that he was regretting entering into the conversation at all.Of course, he muttered, this is all hypothetical, what we're discussing, isn't it? All academic . . .Yes, sir, of course, said Riddle quickly.But all the same, Tom . . . keep it quiet, what I've told  that's to say, what we've discussed. People wouldn't like to think we've been chatting about Horcruxes. It's a banned subject at Hogwarts, you know. . . . Dumbledore's particularly fierce about it. ...I won't say a word, sir, said Riddle, and he left, but not before Harry had glimpsed his face, which was full of that same wild hap-piness it had worn when he had first found out that he was a wiz-ard, the sort of happiness that did not enhance his handsome features, but made them, somehow, less human. . . .Thank you, Harry, said Dumbledore quietly. Let us go. . . .When Harry landed back on the office floor Dumbledore was 	 already sitting down behind his desk. Harry sat too and waited for Dumbledore to speak.I have been hoping for this piece of evidence for a very long time, said Dumbledore at last. It confirms the theory on which I have been working, it tells me that I am right, and also how very far there is still to go. ...Harry suddenly noticed that every single one of the old head-masters and headmistresses in the portraits around the walls was awake and listening in on their conversation. A corpulent, red nosed wizard had actually taken out an ear trumpet.Well, Harry, said Dumbledore, I am sure you understood the significance of what we just heard. At the same age as you are now, give or take a few months, Tom Riddle was doing all he could to find out how to make himself immortal.You think he succeeded then, sir? asked Harry. He made a Horcrux? And that's why he didn't die when he attacked me? He had a Horcrux hidden somewhere? A bit of his soul was safe?A bit... or more, said Dumbledore. You heard Voldemort, what he particularly wanted from Horace was an opinion on what would happen to the wizard who created more than one Horcrux, what would happen to the wizard so determined to evade death that he would be prepared to murder many times, rip his soul repeatedly, so as to store it in many, separately concealed Horcruxc. No book would have given him that information. As far as I know  as far, I am sure, as Voldemort knew  no wizard had ever done more than tear his soul in two.Dumbledore paused for a moment, marshaling his thought, and then said, Four years ago, I received what I considered certain proof that Voldemort had split his soul.Where? asked Harry. How?You handed it to me, Harry, said Dumbledore. The diary, Riddles diary, the one giving instructions on how to reopen the Chamber of Secrets.I don't understand, sir, said Harry.Well, although I did not see the Riddle who came out of the di-ary, what you described to me was a phenomenon I had never wit-nessed. A mere memory starting to act and think for itself? A mere memory, sapping the life out of the girl into whose hands it had fallen? No, something much more sinister had lived inside that book. ... a fragment of soul, I was almost sure of it. The diary had been a Horcrux. But this raised as many questions as it answered. What intrigued and alarmed me most was that that diary had been intended as a weapon as much as a safeguard.1 still don't understand, said Harry.Well, it worked as a Horcrux is supposed to work  in other words, the fragment of soul concealed inside it was kept safe and had undoubtedly played its part in preventing the death of its owner. But there could be no doubt that Riddle really wanted that diary read, wanted the piece of his soul to inhabit or possess some-body else, so that Slytherin's monster would be unleashed again.Well, he didn't want his hard work to be wasted, said Harry. He wanted people to know he was Slytherin's heir, because he couldn't take credit at the time.Quite correct, said Dumbledore, nodding. But don't you see, Harry, that if he intended the diary to be passed to, or planted on, some future Hogwarts student, he was being remarkably blase about that precious fragment of his soul concealed within it. The point of a Horcrux is, as Professor Slughorn explained, to keep part of the self hidden and safe, not to fling it into somebody else's path and run the risk that they might destroy it  as indeed happened: That particular fragment of soul is no more	 you saw to that.The careless way in which Voldemort regarded this Horcrux seemed most ominous to me. It suggested that he must have made  or had been planning to make  more Horcruxes, so that the loss of his first would not be so detrimental. I did not wish to be-lieve it, but nothing else seemed to make sense. Then you told me, two years later, that on the night that Volde-mort returned to his body, he made a most illuminating and alarm-ing statement to his Death Eaters. I who have gone further than anybody along the path that leads to immortality. That was what you told me he said. 'Further than anybody!' And I thought I knew what that meant, though the Death Eaters did not. He was referring to his Horcruxes, Horcruxes in the plural, Harry, which I dont believe any other wizard has ever had. Yet it fitted: Lord Voldomort has seemed to grow less human with the passing years, and the transformation he had undergone seemed to me to be only explainable if his soul was mutilated beyond the realms of what we might call 'usual evil' . . .So he's made himself impossible to kill by murdering other people? said Harry. Why couldn't he make a Sorcerer's Stone, or steal one, if he was so interested in immortality?Well, we know that he tried to do just that, five years ago, s	n?l Dumbledore. But there are several reasons why, I think, a Sorcerer's Stone would appeal less than Horcruxes to Lord Voldemort,While the Elixir of Life does indeed extend life, it must lie drunk regularly, for all eternity, if the drinker is to maintain the immortality. Therefore, Voldemort would be entirely dependant on the Elixir, and if it ran out, or was contaminated, or if the Stone was stolen, he would die just like any other man. Voldemort likes to operate alone, remember. I believe that he would have found the thought of being dependent, even on the Elixir, intolerable. Of course he was prepared to drink it if it would take him out of the horrible part-life to which he was condemned after attacking you, but only to regain a body. Thereafter, I am convinced, he intended to continue to rely on his Horcruxes. He would need nothing more, if only he could regain a human form. He was already im-mortal, you see ... or as close to immortal as any man can be. But now, Harry, armed with this information, the crucial memory you have succeeded in procuring for us, we are closer to the se-cret of finishing Lord Voldemort than anyone has ever been before. You heard him, Harry: 'Wouldn't it be better, make you stronger, to have your soul in more pieces . . . isn't seven the most powerfully magical number . . .' Isn't seven the most powerfully magical number. Yes, I think the idea of a seven-part soul would greatly appeal to Lord Voldemort.He made seven Horcruxes? said Harry, horror-struck, while several of the portraits on the walls made similar noises of shock mid outrage. But they could be anywhere in the world  hidden  buried or invisible I am glad to see you appreciate the magnitude of the problem, said Dumbledore calmly. But firstly, no, Harry, not seven Hor-cruxes: six. The seventh part of his soul, however maimed, resides inside his regenerated body. That was the part of him that lived a spectral existence for so many years during his exile	 without that, he has no self at all. That seventh piece of soul will be the last that anybody wishing to kill Voldemort must attack  the piece that lives in his body.But the six Horcruxes, then, said Harry, a little desperately, how are we supposed to find them?You are forgetting . . . you have already destroyed one of them. And I have destroyed another.You have? said Harry eagerly.Yes indeed, said Dumbledore, and he raised his blackened, burned-looking hand. The ring, Harry. Marvolo's ring. And a ter-rible curse there was upon it too. Had it not been  forgive me the lack of seemly modesty  for my own prodigious skill, and for Professor Snape's timely action when I returned to Hogwarts, des-perately injured, I might not have lived to tell the tale. However, a withered hand does not seem an unreasonable exchange for a sev-enth of Voldemort's soul. The ring is no longer a Horcrux.But how did you find it?Well, as you now know, for many years I have made it my business to discover as much as I can about Voldemort's past life. I have traveled widely, visiting those places he once knew. I stumbled across the ring hidden in the ruin of the Gaunts house. It seem that once Voldemort had succeeded in sealing a piece of his soul in side it, he did not want to wear it anymore. He hid it, protected by many powerful enchantments, in the shack where his ancestors had once lived (Morfin having been carted off to Azkaban, of course), never guessing that I might one day take the trouble to visit the ruin, or that I might be keeping an eye open for traces of magical concealment.However, we should not congratulate ourselves too heartily. You destroyed the diary and I the ring, but if we are right in our theory of a seven-part soul, four Horcruxes remain.And they could be anything? said Harry. They could be oh, in tin cans or, I dunno, empty potion bottles. . . .You are thinking of Portkeys, Harry, which must be ordinary objects, easy to overlook. But would Lord Voldemort use tin cans or old potion bottles to guard his own precious soul? You are forgetting what I have showed you. Lord Voldemort liked to collect trophies, and he preferred objects with a powerful magical history His pride, his belief in his own superiority, his determination to carve for himself a startling place in magical history	 these things, suggest to me that Voldemort would have chosen his Horcruxr with some care, favoring objects worthy of the honor.The diary wasn't that special.The diary, as you have said yourself, was proof that he was the Hire of Slytherin. I am sure that Voldemort considered it of stu-pendous importance.So, the other Horcruxes? said Harry. Do you think you know what they are, sir?I can only guess, said Dumbledore. For the reasons I have al-ready given, I believe that Lord Voldemort would prefer objects that, in themselves, have a certain grandeur. I have therefore trawled back through Voldemort's past to see if I can find evidence that such artifacts have disappeared around him.The locket! said Harry loudly, Hufflepuff's cup!Yes, said Dumbledore, smiling, I would be prepared to bet  perhaps not my other hand  but a couple of fingers, that they be-came Horcruxes three and four. The remaining two, assuming again that he created a total of six, are more of a problem, but I will hazard a guess that, having secured objects from Hufflepuff and Slytherin, he set out to track down objects owned by Gryffindor or Ravenclaw. Four objects from the four founders would, I am sure, have exerted a powerful pull over Voldemort's imagination. I can-not answer for whether he ever managed to find anything of Ravenclaw's. I am confident, however, that the only known relic of Gryffindor remains safe.Dumbledore pointed his blackened fingers to the wall behind him, where a ruby-encrusted sword reposed within a glass case.Do you think that's why he really wanted to come back to Hogwarts, sir? said Harry. To try and find something from one of the other founders?My thoughts precisely, said Dumbledore. But unfortunately, that does not advance us much further, for he was turned away, or so I believe, without the chance to search the school. I am forced to conclude that he never fulfilled his ambition of collecting four founders' objects. He definitely had two  he may have found three  that is the best we can do for now.Even if he got something of Ravenclaw's or of Gryffindor's, that leaves a sixth Horcrux, said Harry, counting on his fingers. Unless hes got both?I don't think so, said Dumbledore. I think I know what the sixth Horcrux is. I wonder what you will say when I confess that I have been curious for a while about the behavior of the snake, Nagini?'The snake? said Harry, startled. You can use animals as Horcruxes?Well, it is inadvisable to do so, said Dumbledore, because to confide a part of your soul to something that can think and move for itself is obviously a very risky business. However, if my calculations are correct, Voldemort was still at least one Horcrux short of his goal of six when he entered your parents' house with the inten-tion of killing you. He seems to have reserved the process of making Horcruxes for particularly significant deaths. You would certainly have been that. He believed that in killing you, he was destroying the danger the prophecy had outlined. He believed he was making himself invin-cible. I am sure that he was intending to make his final Horcrux with your death. As we know, he failed. After an interval of some years, however, he used Nagini to kill an old Muggle man, and it might then have occurred to him to turn her into his last Horcrux. She underlines the Slytherin connection, which enhances Lord Voldemorts mys-tique	 I think he is perhaps as fond of her as he can be of anything	 he certainly likes to keep her close, and he seems to have an un-usual amount of control over her, even for a Parselmouth.So, said Harry, the diary's gone, the ring's gone. The cup, the locket, and the snake are still intact, and you think there might be a Horcrux that was once Ravenclaw's or Gryffindor's?An admirably succinct and accurate summary, yes, said Dum-bledore, bowing his head.So . . . are you still looking for them, sir? Is that where you've been going when you've been leaving the school?Correct, said Dumbledore. I have been looking for a very long time. I think. . . perhaps ... I may be close to finding an-other one. There are hopeful signs.And if you do, said Harry quickly, can I come with you and help get rid of it?Dumbledore looked at Harry very intently for a moment before saying, Yes, I think so.I can? said Harry, thoroughly taken aback.Oh yes, said Dumbledore, smiling slightly. I think you have earned that right.Harry felt his heart lift. It was very good not to hear words of caution and protection for once. The headmasters and head-mistresses around the walls seemed less impressed by Dumbledore's decision	 Harry saw a few of them shaking their heads and Phineas Nigellus actually snorted.Does Voldemort know when a Horcrux is destroyed, sir? Can he feel it? Harry asked, ignoring the portraits.A very interesting question, Harry. I believe not. I believe that Voldemort is now so immersed in evil, and these crucial parts of himself have been detached for so long, he does not feel as we do. Perhaps, at the point of death, he might be aware of his loss . . . but he was not aware, for instance, that the diary had been destroyed until he forced the truth out of Lucius Malfoy. When Voldemort discovered that the diary had been mutilated and robbed of all its powers, I am told that his anger was terrible to behold.But I thought he meant Lucius Malfoy to smuggle it into Hogwarts?Yes, he did, years ago, when he was sure he would be able to create more Horcruxes, but still Lucius was supposed to wait for Voldemorts say-so, and he never received it, for Voldemort van-ished shortly after giving him the diary. No doubt he thought that Lucius would not dare do anything with the Horcrux other than guard it carefully, but he was counting too much upon Luciuss fear of a master who had been gone for years and whom Lucius believed dead. Of course, Lucius did not know what the diary really was. I understand that Voldemort had told him the diary would cause the Chamber of Secrets to reopen because it was cleverly enchanted. Had Lucius known he held a portion of his mas-ters soul in his hands, he would undoubtedly have treated it with more reverence  but instead he went ahead and carried out the old plan for his own ends. By planting the diary upon Arthur Weasleys daughter, he hoped to discredit Arthur and get rid of a highly incrim-inating magical object in one stroke. Ah, poor Lucius . . . what with Voldemorts fury about the fact that he threw away the Horcrux for his own gain, and the fiasco at the Ministry last year, I would not be sur-prised if he is not secretly glad to be safe in Azkaban at the moment.Harry sat in thought for a moment, then asked, So if all of his Horcruxes are destroyed, Voldemort couldbe killed?Yes, I think so, said Dumbledore. Without his Horcruxes, Voldemort will be a mortal man with a maimed and diminished soul. Never forget, though, that while his soul may be damaged be-yond repair, his brain and his magical powers remain intact. It will take uncommon skill and power to kill a wizard like Voldemort even without his Horcruxes.But I haven't got uncommon skill and power, said Harry, be-fore he could stop himself.Yes, you have, said Dumbledore firmly. You have a power that Voldemort has never had. You can I know! said Harry impatiently. I can love! It was only with difficulty that he stopped himself adding, Big deal!Yes, Harry, you can love, said Dumbledore, who looked as though he knew perfectly well what Harry had just refrained from saying. Which, given everything that has happened to you, is a great and remarkable thing. You are still too young to understand how unusual you are, Harry.So, when the prophecy says that I'll have 'power the Dark Lord knows not,' it just means  love? asked Harry, feeling a little let down.Yes  just love, said Dumbledore. But Harry, never forget that what the prophecy says is only significant because Voldemort made it so. I told you this at the end of last year. Voldemort singled you out as the person who would be most dangerous to him  and in doing so, he made you the person who would be most dan-gerous to him!But it comes to the same No, it doesn't! said Dumbledore, sounding impatient now. Pointing at Harry with his black, withered hand, he said, You are setting too much store by the prophecy!But, spluttered Harry, but you said the prophecy means If Voldemort had never heard of the prophecy, would it have been fulfilled? Would it have meant anything? Of course not! Ho you think every prophecy in the Hall of Prophecy has been fulfilled?But, said Harry, bewildered, but last year, you said one of us would have to kill the other Harry, Harry, only because Voldemort made a grave error, and acted on Professor Trelawney's words! If Voldemort had never murdered your father, would he have imparted in you a furious desire for revenge? Of course not! If he had not forced your mother to die for you, would he have given you a magical protection he could not penetrate? Of course not, Harry! Don't you see? Voldemort himself created his worst enemy, just as tyrants everywhere do! Have you any idea how much tyrants fear the people they oppress? All of them realize that, one day, amongst their many victims, there is sure to be one who rises against them and strikes back! Voldemort is no different! Always he was on the lookout for the one who would challenge him. He heard the prophecy and he leapt into ac-tion, with the result that he not only handpicked the man most likely to finish him, he handed him uniquely deadly weapons!But It is essential that you understand this! said Dumbledore, standing up and striding about the room, his glittering robes swooshing in his wake	 Harry had never seen him so agitated. By attempting to kill you, Voldemort himself singled out the remark-able person who sits here in front of me, and gave him the tools for the job! It is Voldemort's fault that you were able to see into his thoughts, his ambitions, that you even understand the snakelike language in which he gives orders, and yet, Harry, despite your privileged insight into Voldemort's world (which, incidentally, is a gift any Death Eater would kill to have), you have never been se-duced by the Dark Arts, never, even for a second, shown the slight-est desire to become one of Voldemort's followers!Of course I haven't! said Harry indignantly. He killed my mum and dad!You are protected, in short, by your ability to love! said Dum-bledore loudly. The only protection that can possibly work against the lure of power like Voldemort's! In spite of all the temptation you have endured, all the suffering, you remain pure of heart, just as pure as you were at the age of eleven, when you stared into a mir-ror that reflected your heart's desire, and it showed you only the way to thwart Lord Voldemort, and not immortality or riches. Harry, have you any idea how few wizards could have seen what you saw in that mirror? Voldemort should have known then what he was dealing with, but he did not! But he knows it now. You have flitted into Lord Voldemort's mind without damage to yourself, but he cannot possess you with-out enduring mortal agony, as he discovered in the Ministry. I do not think he understands why, Harry, but then, he was in such a hurry to mutilate his own soul, he never paused to understand the incomparable power of a soul that is untarnished and whole.But, sir, said Harry, making valiant efforts not to sound argu-mentative, it all comes to the same thing, doesn't it? I've got to try and kill him, or Got to? said Dumbledore. Of course you've got to! But not because of the prophecy! Because you, yourself, will never rest until you've tried! We both know it! Imagine, please, just for a moment,that you had never heard that prophecy! How would you feel about Voldemort now? Think!Harry watched Dumbledore striding up and down in front ol him, and thought. He thought of his mother, his father, and Sinus. He thought of Cedric Diggory. He thought of all the terrible deeds he knew Lord Voldemort had done. A flame seemed to leap inside his chest, searing his throat.I'd want him finished, said Harry quietly. And I'd want to do it.Of course you would! cried Dumbledore. You see, the prophecy does not mean you have to do anything! But the prophecy caused Lord Voldemort to mark you as his equal. ... In other words, you are free to choose your way, quite free to turn your back on the prophecy! But Voldemort continues to set store by the prophecy. He will continue to hunt you . . . which makes it certain, really, that That one of us is going to end up killing the other, said Harry. Yes.But he understood at last what Dumbledore had been trying to tell him. It was, he thought, the difference between being dragged into the arena to face a battle to the death and walking into the arena with your head held high. Some people, perhaps, would say that there was little to choose between the two ways, but Dumble-dore knew  and so do I, thought Harry, with a rush of fierce pride, and so did my parents  that there was all the difference in the world.,156,Half-Blood Prince,23
Half-Blood Prince=Exhausted but delighted with his night's work, Harry told Ron and Hermione everything that had happened during next morning's Charms lesson (having first cast the Muffliato spell upon those nearest them). They were both satisfyingly impressed by the way he had wheedled the memory out of Slughorn and positively awed when he told them about Voldemort's Horcruxes and Dumbledore's promise to take Harry along, should he find another one.Wow, said Ron, when Harry had finally finished telling them everything	 Ron was waving his wand very vaguely in the direction of the ceiling without paying the slightest bit of attention to what he was doing. Wow. You're actually going to go with Dumbledore . . . and try and destroy . . . wow.Ron, you're making it snow, said Hermione patiently, grabbing his wrist and redirecting his wand away from the ceiling from which, sure enough, large white flakes had started to fall. Lavender Brown, Harry noticed, glared at Hermione from a neighboring table through very red eyes, and Hermione immediately let go of Rons arm.Oh yeah, said Ron, looking down at his shoulders in vague surprise. Sorry... looks like we've all got horrible dandruff now. ...He brushed some of the fake snow off Hermiones shoulder Lavender burst into tears. Ron looked immensely guilty and turned his back on her.We split up, he told Harry out of the corner of his mouth, Last night. When she saw me coming out of the dormitory with Hermione. Obviously she couldn't see you, so she thought it had just been the two of us.Ah, said Harry. Well  you don't mind it's over, do you?, No, Ron admitted. It was pretty bad while she was yelling, but at least I didn't have to finish it.Coward, said Hermione, though she looked amused. Well, it was a bad night for romance all around. Ginny and Dean split up too, Harry.Harry thought there was a rather knowing look in her eye as she told him that, but she could not possibly know that his insides were suddenly dancing the conga. Keeping his face as immobile and his voice as indifferent as he could, he asked, How come?Oh, something really silly . . . She said he was always trying to help her through the portrait hole, like she couldn't climb in herself . . . but they've been a bit rocky for ages.Harry glanced over at Dean on the other side of the classroom. He certainly looked unhappy.Of course, this puts you in a bit of a dilemma, doesn't it? said Hermione.What d'you mean? said Harry quickly.The Quidditch team, said Hermione. If Ginnyand Dean aren't speaking . . .Oh  oh yeah, said Harry.Flitwick, said Ron in a warning tone. The tiny little Charms master was bobbing his way toward them, and Hermione was the only one who had managed to turn vinegar into wine	 her glass flask was full of deep crimson liquid, whereas the contents of Harry's and Ron's were still murky brown.Now, now, boys, squeaked Professor Flitwick reproachfully. A little less talk, a little more action . . . Let me see you try. . . .Together they raised their wands, concentrating with all their might, and pointed them at their flasks. Harry's vinegar turned to ice	 Rons flask exploded.Yes ... for homework, said Professor Flitwick, reemerging from under the table and pulling shards of glass out of the top of his hat, practice.They had one of their rare joint free periods after Charms and walked back to the common room together. Ron seemed to be positively lighthearted about the end of his relationship with Lavender, and Hermione seemed cheery too, though when asked what she was grinning about she simply said, It's a nice day. Neither of them seemed to have noticed that a fierce battle was raging inside Harry's brain:She's Rons sister.But she's ditched Dean!She's still Rons sister.I'm his best mate!That'll make it worse.If I talked to him first He'd hit you.What if I don't care?He's your best mate!Harry barely noticed that they were climbing through the portrait hole into the sunny common room, and only vaguely registered the small group of seventh years clustered together there, until Hermione cried, Katie! You're back! Are you okay?Harry stared: It was indeed Katie Bell, looking completely healthy and surrounded by her jubilant friends.I'm really well! she said happily. They let me out of St. Mungos on Monday, I had a couple of days at home with Mum and Dad and then came back here this morning. Leanne was just telling me about McLaggen and the last match, Harry. . . .Yeah, said Harry, well, now you're back and Ron's fit, we'll have a decent chance of thrashing Ravenclaw, which means we could still be in the running for the Cup. Listen, Katie . . .He had to put the question to her at once	 his curiosity even drove Ginny temporarily from his brain. He dropped his voice as Katie's friends started gathering up their things	 apparently they were late for Transfiguration.. . . that necklace . . . can you remember who gave it to you now?No, said Katie, shaking her head ruefully. Everyone's been asking me, but I haven't got a clue. The last thing I remember was walking into the ladies' in the Three Broomsticks.You definitely went into the bathroom, then? said Hermione.Well, I know I pushed open the door, said Katie, so I suppose whoever Imperiused me was standing just behind it. After that, my memory's a blank until about two weeks ago in St. Mungo's. Listen, I'd better go, I wouldn't put it past McGonagall to give me lines even if it is my first day back. ...She caught up her bag and books and hurried after her friends, leaving Harry, Ron, and Hermione to sit down at a window table and ponder what she had told them.So it must have been a girl or a woman who gave Katie the necklace, said Hermione, to be in the ladies' bathroom.Or someone who looked like a girl or a woman, said Harry. Don't forget, there was a cauldron full of Polyjuice Potion at Hog-warts. We know some of it got stolen. . . .In his mind's eye, he watched a parade of Crabbes and Goyles prance past, all transformed into girls.I think I'm going to take another swig of Felix, said Harry, and have a go at the Room of Requirement again.That would be a complete waste of potion, said Hermione flatly, putting down the copy of Spellmans Syllabary she had just taken out of her bag. Luck can only get you so far, Harry. The situation with Slughorn was different	 you always had the ability to persuade him, you just needed to tweak the circumstances a bit. Luck isn't enough to get you through a powerful enchantment, though. Don't go wasting the rest of that potion! You'll need all the luck you can get if Dumbledore takes you along with him ... She dropped her voice to a whisper.Couldn't we make some more? Ron asked Harry, ignoring Hermione. It'd be great to have a stock of it. ... Have a look in the book... Harry pulled his copy of Advanced Potion-Making out of his bap, and looked up Felix Felicis.Blimey, its seriously complicated, he said, running an eye down the list of ingredients. And it takes six months.,. You've got to let it stew. ...Typical, said Ron.Harry was about to put his book away again when he noticed the corner of a page folded down	 turning to it, he saw the Sectum-sempra spell, captioned For Enemies, that he had marked a few weeks previously. He had still not found out what it did, mainly because he did not want to test it around Hermione, but he was considering trying it out on McLaggen next time he came up behind him unawares.The only person who was not particularly pleased to see Katie Bell back at school was Dean Thomas, because he would no longer be required to fill her place as Chaser. He took the blow stoically enough when Harry told him, merely grunting and shrugging, but Harry had the distinct feeling as he walked away that Dean and Seamus were muttering mutinously behind his back.The following fortnight saw the best Quidditch practices Harry had known as Captain. His team was so pleased to be rid of McLaggen, so glad to have Katie back at last, that they were flying extremely well.Ginny did not seem at all upset about the breakup with Dean	 on the contrary, she was the life and soul of the team. Her imitations of Ron anxiously bobbing up and down in front of the goal posts as the Quaffle sped toward him, or of Harry bellowing orders at McLaggen before being knocked out cold, kept them all highly amused. Harry, laughing with the others, was glad to have an innocent reason to look at Ginny	 he had received several more Bludger injuries during practice because he had not been keeping his eyes on the Snitch.The battle still raged inside his head: Ginny or Ron? Sometimes he thought that the post-Lavender Ron might not mind too much if he asked Ginny out, but then he remembered Ron's expression when he had seen her kissing Dean, and was sure that Ron would consider it base treachery if Harry so much as held her hand. . . .Yet Harry could not help himself talking to Ginny, laughing with her, walking back from practice with her	 however much his conscience ached, he found himself wondering how best to get her on her own. It would have been ideal if Slughorn had given another of his little parties, for Ron would not be around  but unfortunately, Slughorn seemed to have given them up. Once or twice Harry considered asking for Hermione's help, but he did not think he could stand seeing the smug look on her face	 he thought he caught it sometimes when Hermione spotted him staring at Ginny or laughing at her jokes. And to complicate matters, he had the nagging worry that if he didn't do it, somebody else was sure to ask Ginny out soon: He and Ron were at least agreed on the fact that she was too popular for her own good.All in all, the temptation to take another gulp of Felix Felicis was becoming stronger by the day, for surely this was a case for, as Hermione put it, tweaking the circumstances? The balmy days slid gently through May, and Ron seemed to be there at Harry's shoulder every time he saw Ginny. Harry found himself longing for a stroke of luck that would somehow cause Ron to realize that nothing would make him happier than his best friend and his sister falling for each other and to leave them alone together for longer than a few seconds. There seemed no chance of either while the final Quidditch game of the season was looming	 Ron wanted to talk tactics with Harry all the time and had little thought for anything else.Ron was not unique in this respect	 interest in the Gryffindor-Ravenclaw game was running extremely high throughout the school, for the match would decide the Championship, which was still wide open. If Gryffindor beat Ravenclaw by a margin of three hundred points (a tall order, and yet Harry had never known his team to fly better) then they would win the Championship. If they won by less than three hundred points, they would come second to Ravenclaw
Half-Blood Prince=The fact that Harry Potter was going out with Ginny Weasley seemed to interest a great number of people, most of them girls, yet Harry found himself newly and happily impervious to gossip over the next few weeks. After all, it made a very nice change to be talked about because of something that was making him happier than he could remember being for a very long time, rather than because he had been involved in hor-rific scenes of Dark magic.'You'd think people had better things to gossip about,' said Ginny, as she sat on the common-room floor, leaning against Harry's legs and reading the Daily Prophet. Three Dementor attacks in a week, and all Romilda Vane does is ask me if it's true you've got a Hippogriff tattooed across your chest.'Ron and Hermione both roared with laughter. Harry ignored them.'What did you tell her?'' ? told her it's a Hungarian Horntail,' said Ginny, turning a page of the newspaper idly. 'Much more macho.'Thanks,' said Harry, grinning. 'And what did you tell her Ron's got?''A Pygmy Puff, but I didn't say where.'Ron scowled as Hermione rolled around laughing.'Watch it,' he said, pointing wamingly at Harry and Ginny. 'Just because I've given my permission doesn't mean I can't withdraw it -'Tour permission,' scoffed Ginny. 'Since when did you give me permission to do anything? Anyway, you said yourself you'd rather it was Harry than Michael or Dean.''Yeah, 1 would,' said Ron grudgingly. 'And just as long as you don't start snogging each other in public -''You filthy hypocrite! What about you and Lavender, thrash-ing around like a pair of eels all over the place?' demanded Ginny.But Ron's tolerance was not to be tested much as they moved into June, for Harry and Ginny's time together was becoming increasingly restricted. Ginny's O.W.L.s were approaching and she was therefore forced to revise for hours into the night. On one such evening, when Ginny had retired to the library and Harry was sitting beside the window in the common room, supposedly finishing his Herbology home-work but in reality reliving a particularly happy hour he had spent down by the lake with Ginny at lunch-time, Hermione dropped into the seat between him and Ron with an unpleasantly purposeful look on her face.'I want to talk to you, Harry.''What about?' said Harry suspiciously. Only the previous day, Hermione had told him off for distracting Ginny when she ought to be working hard for her examinations.The so-called Half-Blood Prince.''Oh, not again,' he groaned. 'Will you please drop it?'He had not dared to return to the Room of Requirement to retrieve his book, and his performance in Potions was suffer-ing accordingly (though Slughorn, who approved of Ginny, had jocularly attributed this to Harry being lovesick). But Harry was sure that Snape had not yet given up hope of laying hands on the Prince's book, and was determined to leave it where it was while Snape remained on the lookout.'I'm not dropping it,' said Hermione firmly, 'until you've heard me out. Now, I've been trying to find out a bit about who might make a hobby of inventing Dark spells -''He didn't make a hobby of it -''He, he - who says it's a he?''We've been through this,' said Harry crossly. 'Prince, Hermione, Prince!''Right!' said Hermione, red patches blazing in her cheeks as she pulled a very old piece of newsprint out of her pocket and slammed it down on the table in front of Harry. 'Look at that! Look at the picture!'Harry picked up the crumbling piece of paper and stared at the moving photograph, yellowed with age	 Ron leaned over for a look, too. The picture showed a skinny girl of around fifteen. She was not pretty	 she looked simultaneously cross and sullen, with heavy brows and a long, pallid face. Under-neath the photograph was the caption: Eileen Prince, Captain of the Hogwarts Gobstones Team.'So?' said Harry, scanning the short news item to which the picture belonged	 it was a rather dull story about inter-school competitions.'Her name was Eileen Prince. Prince, Harry.'They looked at each other and Harry realised what Hermione was trying to say. He burst out laughing.'No way.''What?''You think she was the Half-Blood ...? Oh, come on.''Well, why not? Harry, there aren't any real princes in the wizarding world! It's either a nickname, a made-up title somebody's given themselves, or it could be their actual name, couldn't it? No, listen! If, say, her father was a wizardwhose surname was Prince, and her mother was a Muggle, then that would make her a half-blood Prince!''Yeah, very ingenious, Hermione ...''But it would! Maybe she was proud of being half a Prince!''Listen, Hermione, I can tell it's not a girl. I can just tell.'The truth is that you don't think a girl would have been clever enough,' said Hermione angrily.'How can I have hung round with you for five years and not think girls are clever?' said Harry, stung by this. 'It's the way he writes. I just know the Prince was a bloke, I can tell. This girl hasn't got anything to do with it. Where did you get this, anyway?'The library,' said Hermione, predictably. There's a whole collection of old Prophets up there. Well, I'm going to find out more about Eileen Prince if I can.''Enjoy yourself,' said Harry irritably.'I will,' said Hermione. 'And the first place I'll look,' she shot at him, as she reached the portrait hole, 'is records of old Potions awards!'Harry scowled after her for a moment, then continued his contemplation of the darkening sky.'She's just never got over you outperforming her in Potions,' said Ron, returning to his copy of One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi.'You don't think I'm mad, wanting that book back, do you?''Course not,' said Ron robustly. 'He was a genius, the Prince. Anyway ... without his bezoar tip ...' he drew his finger significantly across his own throat, 'I wouldn't be here to discuss it, would I? I mean, I'm not saying that spell you used on Malfoy was great -''Nor am I,' said Harry quickly.'But he healed all right, didn't he? Back on his feet in no time.''Yeah,' said Harry	 this was perfectly true, although his con-science squirmed slightly all the same. Thanks to Snape ...''You still got detention with Snape this Saturday?' Ron continued.'Yeah, and the Saturday after that, and the Saturday after that,' sighed Harry. 'And he's hinting now that if I don't get all the boxes done by the end of term, we'll carry on next year.'He was finding these detentions particularly irksome because they cut into the already limited time he could have been spending with Ginny. Indeed, he had frequently won-dered lately whether Snape did not know this, for he was keeping Harry later and later every time, while making pointed asides about Harry having to miss the good weather and the varied opportunities it offered.Harry was shaken from these bitter reflections by the appearance at his side of Jimmy Peakes, who was holding out a scroll of parchment.Thanks, Jimmy ... hey, it's from Dumbledore!' said Harry excitedly, unrolling the parchment and scanning it. 'He wants me to go to his office as quick as 1 can!'They stared at each other.'Blimey,' whispered Ron. 'You don't reckon ... he hasn't found ...?''Better go and see, hadn't I?' said Harry, jumping to his feet.He hurried out of the common room and along the seventh floor as fast as he could, passing nobody but Peeves, who swooped past in the opposite direction, throwing bits of chalk at Harry in a routine sort of way and cackling loudly as he dodged Harry's defensive jinx. Once Peeves had vanished, there was silence in the corridors	 with only fifteen minutes left until curfew, most people had already returned to their common rooms.And then Harry heard a scream and a crash. He stopped in his tracks, listening.'How - dare - you - aaaaargh!'The noise was coming from a corridor nearby	 Harry sprinted towards it, his wand at the ready, hurtled round another corner and saw Professor Trelawney sprawled upon the floor, her head covered in one of her many shawls, several sherry bottles lying beside her, one broken.'Professor -'Harry hurried forwards and helped Professor Trelawney to her feet. Some of her glittering beads had become entangled with her glasses. She hiccoughed loudly, patted her hair and pulled herself up on Harry's helping arm.'What happened, Professor?''You may well ask!' she said shrilly. 'I was strolling along, brooding upon certain Dark portents 1 happen to have glimpsed ...'But Harry was not paying much attention. He had just noticed where they were standing: there on the right was the tapestry of dancing trolls and, on the left, that smoothly impenetrable stretch of stone wall that concealed -'Professor, were you trying to get into the Room of Requirement?''... omens I have been vouchsafed - what?'She looked suddenly shifty.The Room of Requirement,' repeated Harry. 'Were you try-ing to get in there?''I - well - I didn't know students knew about -''Not all of them do,' said Harry. 'But what happened? You screamed ... it sounded as though you were hurt...''I - well,' said Professor Trelawney, drawing her shawls around her defensively and staring down at him with her vastly magnified eyes. 'I wished to - ah - deposit certain  um - personal items in the Room ...' And she muttered something about 'nasty accusations'.'Right,' said Harry, glancing down at the sherry bottles. 'But you couldn't get in and hide them?'He found this very odd	 the Room had opened for him, after all, when he had wanted to hide the Half-Blood Prince's book.'Oh, I got in all right,' said Professor Trelawney, glaring at the wall. 'But there was somebody already in there.''Somebody in -? Who?' demanded Harry. 'Who was in there?'' ? have no idea,' said Professor Trelawney, looking slightly taken aback at the urgency in Harry's voice. 'I walked into the Room and I heard a voice, which has never happened before in all my years of hiding - of using the Room, I mean.''A voice? Saying what?''I don't know that it was saying anything,' said Professor Trelawney. 'It was ... whooping.''Whooping?''Gleefully,' she said, nodding.Harry stared at her.'Was it male or female?'' ? would hazard a guess at male,' said Professor Trelawney.'And it sounded happy?''Very happy,' said Professor Trelawney sniffily.'As though it was celebrating?''Most definitely.''And then -?''And then I called out, Who's there?''You couldn't have found out who it was without asking?' Harry asked her, slightly frustrated.The Inner Eye,' said Professor Trelawney with dignity, straightening her shawls and many strands of glittering beads, 'was fixed upon matters well outside the mundane realms of whooping voices.''Right,' said Harry hastily	 he had heard about Professor Trelawney's Inner Eye all too often before. 'And did the voice say who was there?''No, it did not,' she said. 'Everything went pitch black and the next thing I knew, I was being hurled headfirst out of the Room!''And you didn't see that coming?' said Harry, unable to help himself.'No, I did not, as I say, it was pitch -' She stopped and glared at him suspiciously.'I think you'd better tell Professor Dumbledore,' said Harry. 'He ought to know Malfoy's celebrating - I mean, that some-one threw you out of the Room.'To his surprise, Professor Trelawney drew herself up at this suggestion, looking haughty.The Headmaster has intimated that he would prefer fewer visits from me,' she said coldly. I am not one to press my company upon those who do not value it. If Dumbledore chooses to ignore the warnings the cards show -'Her bony hand closed suddenly around Harry's wrist.'Again and again, no matter how I lay them out -'And she pulled a card dramatically from underneath her shawls.'- the lightning-struck tower,' she whispered. 'Calamity. Disaster. Coming nearer all the time ...''Right,' said Harry again. 'Well ... I still think you should tell Dumbledore about this voice and everything going dark and being thrown out of the Room ...''You think so?' Professor Trelawney seemed to consider the matter for a moment, but Harry could tell that she liked the idea of retelling her little adventure.'I'm going to see him right now,' said Harry. 'I've got a meeting with him. We could go together.''Oh, well, in that case,' said Professor Trelawney with a smile. She bent down, scooped up her sherry bottles and dumped them unceremoniously in a large blue and white vase standing in a nearby niche.'I miss having you in my classes, Harry,' she said soulfully, as they set off together. 'You were never much of a Seer ... but you were a wonderful Object...'Harry did not reply	 he had loathed being the Object of Professor Trelawney's continual predictions of doom.'I am afraid,' she went on, 'that the nag - I'm sorry, the centaur - knows nothing of cartomancy. I asked him - one Seer to another - had he not, too, sensed the distant vibra-tions of coming catastrophe? But he seemed to find me almost comical. Yes, comical!'Her voice rose rather hysterically and Harry caught a powerful whiff of sherry even though the bottles had been left behind.'Perhaps the horse has heard people say that I have not inherited my great-great-grandmother's gift. Those rumours have been bandied about by the jealous for years. You know what I say to such people, Harry? Would Dumbledore have let me teach at this great school, put so much trust in me all these years, had I not proved myself to him?'Harry mumbled something indistinct.'I well remember my first interview with Dumbledore,' went on Professor Trelawney, in throaty tones. 'He was deeply impressed, of course, deeply impressed ... I was staying at the Hog's Head, which I do not advise, incidentally - bed bugs, dear boy - but funds were low. Dumbledore did me the courtesy of calling upon me in my room at the inn. He questioned me ... I must confess that, at first, I thought he seemed ill-disposed towards Divination ... and I remember I was starting to feel a little odd, I had not eaten much that day ... but then ...'And now Harry was paying attention properly for the first time, for he knew what had happened then: Professor Trelawney had made the prophecy that had altered the course of his whole life, the prophecy about him and Voldemort.'... but then we were rudely interrupted by Severus Snape!''What?''Yes, there was a commotion outside the door and it flew open, and there was that rather uncouth barman standing with Snape, who was waffling about having come the wrong way up the stairs, although I'm afraid that I myself rather thought he had been apprehended eavesdropping on my interview with Dumbledore - you see, he himself was seeking a job at the time, and no doubt hoped to pick up tips! Well, after that, you know, Dumbledore seemed much more dis-posed to give me a job, and I could not help thinking, Harry, that it was because he appreciated the stark contrast between my own unassuming manners and quiet talent, compared to the pushing, thrusting young man who was prepared to listen at keyholes - Harry, dear?'She looked back over her shoulder, having only just real-ised that Harry was no longer with her	 he had stopped walking and they were now ten feet from each other.'Harry?' she repeated uncertainly.Perhaps his face was white, to make her look so concerned and frightened. Harry was standing stock-still as waves of shock crashed over him, wave after wave, obliterating every-thing except the information that had been kept from him for so long ...It was Snape who had overheard the prophecy. It was Snape who had carried the news of the prophecy to Voldemort. Snape and Peter Pettigrew together had sent Voldemort hunt-ing after Lily and James and their son ...Nothing else mattered to Harry just now.'Harry?' said Professor Trelawney again. 'Harry - I thought we were going to see the Headmaster together?''You stay here,' said Harry through numb lips.'But, dear ... I was going to tell him how I was assaulted in the Room of-''You stay here!' Harry repeated angrily.She looked alarmed as he ran past her, round the corner into Dumbledore's corridor, where the lone gargoyle stood sentry. Harry shouted the password at the gargoyle and ran up the moving spiral staircase three steps at a time. He did not knock upon Dumbledore's door, he hammered	 and the calm voice answered 'Enter' after Harry had already flung himself into the room.Fawkes the phoenix looked round, his bright black eyes gleaming with reflected gold from the sunset beyond the window. Dumbledore was standing at the window look-ing out at the grounds, a long, black travelling cloak in his arms.'Well, Harry, I promised that you could come with me.'For a moment or two, Harry did not understand	 the con-versation with Trelawney had driven everything else out of his head and his brain seemed to be moving very slowly.'Come ... with you ... ?''Only if you wish it, of course.''If I...'And then Harry remembered why he had been eager to come to Dumbledore's office in the first place.'You've found one? You've found a Horcrux?''I believe so.'Rage and resentment fought shock and excitement: for several moments, Harry could not speak.'It is natural to be afraid,' said Dumbledore.'I'm not scared!' said Harry at once, and it was perfectlytrue	 fear was one emotion he was not feeling at all. 'Which Horcrux is it? Where is it?''I am not sure which it is - though I think we can rule out the snake - but I believe it to be hidden in a cave on the coast many miles from here, a cave I have been trying to locate for a very long time: the cave in which Tom Riddle once terror-ised two children from his orphanage on their annual trip
Half-Blood Prince=Harry could smell salt and hear rushing waves	 a light, chilly breeze ruffled his hair as he looked out at moon-lit sea and star-strewn sky. He was standing upon a high outcrop of dark rock, water foaming and churning below him. He glanced over his shoulder. A towering cliff stood behind them, a sheer drop, black and faceless. A few large chunks of rock, such as the one upon which Harry and Dumbledore were standing, looked as though they had broken away from the cliff face at some point in the past. It was a bleak, harsh view, the sea and the rock unrelieved by any tree or sweep of grass or sand.What do you think? asked Dumbledore. He might have been asking Harry's opinion on whether it was a good site for a picnic.They brought the kids from the orphanage here? asked Harry, who could not imagine a less cozy spot for a day trip.Not here, precisely, said Dumbledore. There is a village of sorts about halfway along the cliffs behind us. I believe the orphans were taken there for a little sea air and a view of the waves. No, I think it was only ever Tom Riddle and his youthful victims who visited this spot. No Muggle could reach this rock unless they were uncommonly good mountaineers, and boats cannot approach the cliffs, the waters around them are too dangerous. I imagine that Riddle climbed down	 magic would have served better than ropes. And he brought two small children with him, probably for the pleasure of terrorizing them. I think the journey alone would have done it, don't you?Harry looked up at the cliff again and felt goose bumps.But his final destination  and ours  lies a little farther on. Come.Dumbledore beckoned Harry to the very edge of the rock where a series of jagged niches made footholds leading down to boulders that lay half-submerged in water and closer to the cliff. It was a treacherous descent and Dumbledore, hampered slightly by his withered hand, moved slowly. The lower rocks were slippery with seawater. Harry could feel flecks of cold salt spray hitting his face. Lumos, said Dumbledore, as he reached the boulder closest to the cliff face. A thousand flecks of golden light sparkled upon the dark surface of the water a few feet below where he crouched	 the black wall of rock beside him was illuminated too. You see? said Dumbledore quietly, holding his wand a little higher. Harry saw a fissure in the cliff into which dark water was swirling. You will not object to getting a little wet?No, said Harry.Then take off your Invisibility Cloak  there is no need for it now  and let us take the plunge, And with the sudden agility of a much younger man, Dumble-dore slid from the boulder, landed in the sea, and began to swim, with a perfect breaststroke, toward the dark slit in the rock face, his lit wand held in his teeth. Harry pulled off his cloak, stuffed it into his pocket, and followed. The water was icy	 Harry's waterlogged clothes billowed around him and weighed him down. Taking deep breaths that filled his nostrils with the tang of salt and seaweed, he struck out for the shimmering, shrinking light now moving deeper into the cliff. The fissure soon opened into a dark tunnel that Harry could tell would be filled with water at high tide. The slimy walls were barely three feet apart and glimmered like wet tar in the passing light of Dumbledore's wand. A little way in, the passageway curved to the left, and Harry saw that it extended far into the cliff. He continued to swim in Dumbledore's wake, the tips of his benumbed fingers brushing the rough, wet rock.Then he saw Dumbledore rising out of the water ahead, his sil-ver hair and dark robes gleaming. When Harry reached the spot he found steps that led into a large cave. He clambered up them, water streaming from his soaking clothes, and emerged, shivering uncontrollably, into the still and freezing air.Dumbledore was standing in the middle of the cave, his wand held high as he turned slowly on the spot, examining the walls and ceiling.Yes, this is the place, said Dumbledore.How can you tell? Harry spoke in a whisper.It has known magic, said Dumbledore simply. Harry could not tell whether the shivers he was experiencing were due to his spine-deep coldness or to the same awareness ofenchantments. He watched as Dumbledore continued to revolve on the spot, evidently concentrating on things Harry could not see. This is merely the antechamber, the entrance hall, said Dumbledore after a moment or two. We need to penetrate the inner place. . . . Now it is Lord Voldemort's obstacles that stand in our way, rather than those nature made. . . .Dumbledore approached the wall of the cave and caressed it with his blackened fingertips, murmuring words in a strange tongue that Harry did not understand. Twice Dumbledore walked right around the cave, touching as much of the rough rock as he could, occasionally pausing, running his fingers backward and for-ward over a particular spot, until finally he stopped, his hand pressed flat against the wall. Here, he said. We go on through here. The entrance is con-cealed. Harry did not ask how Dumbledore knew. He had never seen a wizard work things out like this, simply by looking and touching	 but Harry had long since learned that bangs and smoke were more often the marks of ineptitude than expertise. Dumbledore stepped back from the cave wall and pointed his wand at the rock. For a moment, an arched outline appeared there, blazing white as though there was a powerful light behind the crack.You've d-done it! said Harry through chattering teeth, but before the words had left his lips the outline had gone, leaving the rock as bare and solid as ever. Dumbledore looked around.Harry, I'm so sorry, I forgot, he said	 he now pointed his wand at Harry and at once, Harry's clothes were as warm and dry as if they had been hanging in front of a blazing fire.Thank you, said Harry gratefully, but Dumbledore had al-ready turned his attention back to the solid cave wall. He did not try any more magic, but simply stood there staring at it intently, as though something extremely interesting was written on it. Harry stayed quite still	 he did not want to break Dumbledores concen-tration. Then, after two solid minutes, Dumbledore said quietly, Oh, surely not. So crude.What is it, Professor?I rather think, said Dumbledore, putting his uninjured hand inside his robes and drawing out a short silver knife of the kind Harry used to chop potion ingredients, that we are required to make payment to pass.Payment? said Harry. You've got to give the door something?Yes, said Dumbledore. Blood, if I am not much mistaken.Blood?I said it was crude, said Dumbledore, who sounded disdainful, even disappointed, as though Voldemort had fallen short of higher standards Dumbledore expected. The idea, as I am sure you will have gathered, is that your enemy must weaken him- or herself to enter. Once again, Lord Voldemort fails to grasp that there are much more terrible things than physical injury.Yeah, but still, if you can avoid it . . . said Harry, who had ex-perienced enough pain not to be keen for more.Sometimes, however, it is unavoidable, said Dumbledore, shaking back the sleeve of his robes and exposing the forearm of his injured hand.Professor! protested Harry, hurrying forward as Dumbledore raised his knife. I'll do it, I'm  He did not know what he was going to say  younger, fitter?But Dumbledore merely smiled. There was a flash of silver, and a spurt of scarlet	 the rock face was peppered with dark, glistening drops.You are very kind, Harry, said Dumbledore, now passing the tip of his wand over the deep cut he had made in his own arm, so that it healed instantly, just as Snape had healed Malfoy's wound, But your blood is worth more than mine. Ah, that seems to have done the trick, doesn't it? The blazing silver outline of an arch had appeared in the wall once more, and this time it did not fade away: The blood-spattered rock within it simply vanished, leaving an opening into what seemed total darkness. After me, I think, said Dumbledore, and he walked through the archway with Harry on his heels, lighting his own wand hastily as he went.An eerie sight met their eyes: They were standing on the edge of a great black lake, so vast that Harry could not make out the distant banks, in a cavern so high that the ceiling too was out of sight. A misty greenish light shone far away in what looked like the mid-dle of the lake	 it was reflected in the completely still water below. The greenish glow and the light from the two wands were the only things that broke the otherwise velvety blackness, though their rays did not penetrate as far as Harry would have expected. The dark-ness was somehow denser than normal darkness.Let us walk, said Dumbledore quietly. Be very careful not to step into the water. Stay close to me. He set off around the edge of the lake, and Harry followed close behind him. Their footsteps made echoing, slapping sounds on the narrow rim of rock that surrounded the water. On and on they walked, but the view did not vary: on one side of them, the rough cavern wall, on the other, the boundless expanse of smooth, glassy blackness, in the very middle of which was that mysterious greenish glow. Harry found the place and the silence oppressive, unnerving.Professor? he said finally. Do you think the Horcrux is here?Oh yes, said Dumbledore. Yes, I'm sure it is. The question is, how do we get to it?We couldn't... we couldn't just try a Summoning Charm? Harry said, sure that it was a stupid suggestion. But he was much keener than he was prepared to admit on getting out of this place as soon as possible.Certainly we could, said Dumbledore, stopping so suddenly that Harry almost walked into him. Why don't you do it?Me? Oh . . . okay . . . Harry had not expected this, but cleared his throat and said loudly, wand aloft, Accio Horcrux!With a noise like an explosion, something very large and pale erupted out of the dark water some twenty feet away	 before Harry could see what it was, it had vanished again with a crashing splash that made great, deep ripples on the mirrored surface. Harry leapt backward in shock and hit the wall	 his heart was still thundering as he turned to Dumbledore.What was that?Something, I think, that is ready to respond should we attempt to seize the Horcrux.Harry looked back at the water. The surface of the lake was once more shining black glass: The ripples had vanished unnaturally fast	 Harry's heart, however, was still pounding.Did you think that would happen, sir?I thought something would happen if we made an obvious at-tempt to get our hands on the Horcrux. That was a very good idea, Harry	 much the simplest way of finding out what we are facing.But we don't know what the thing was, said Harry, looking at the sinisterly smooth water.What the things are, you mean, said Dumbledore. I doubt very much that there is only one of them. Shall we walk on?Professor?Yes, Harry?Do you think we're going to have to go into the lake?Into it? Only if we are very unfortunate.You don't think the Horcrux is at the bottom?Oh no ... I think the Horcrux is in the middle. And Dumbledore pointed toward the misty green light in the center of the lake.So we're going to have to cross the lake to get to it?Yes, I think so. Harry did not say anything. His thoughts were all of water mon-sters, of giant serpents, of demons, kelpies, and sprites. . . .Aha, said Dumbledore, and he stopped again
Half-Blood Prince=Once back under the starry sky, Harry heaved Dumbledore on to the top of the nearest boulder and then to his feet. Sodden and shivering, Dumbledore's weight still upon him, Harry con- centrated harder than he had ever done upon his destination: Hogsmeade. Closing his eyes, gripping Dumbledore's arm as tightly as he could, he stepped forwards into that feeling of horrible compression.He knew it had worked before he opened his eyes: the smell of salt, the sea breeze had gone. He and Dumbledore were shivering and dripping in the middle of the dark High Street in Hogsmeade. For one horrible moment Harry's imagination showed him more Inferi creeping towards him around the sides of shops, but he blinked and saw that noth-ing was stirring	 all was still, the darkness complete but for a few streetlamps and lit upper windows.'We did it, Professor!' Harry whispered with difficulty	 he suddenly realised that he had a searing stitch in his chest. 'We did it! We got the Horcrux!'Dumbledore staggered against him. For a moment, Harry thought that his inexpert Apparition had thrown Dumbledore off-balance	 then he saw his face, paler and damper than ever in the distant light of a streetlamp.'Sir, are you all right?''I've been better,' said Dumbledore weakly, though the corners of his mouth twitched. That potion ... was no health drink ...And to Harry's horror, Dumbledore sank on to the ground.'Sir - it's OK, sir, you're going to be all right, don't worry -'He looked around desperately for help, but there was nobody to be seen and all he could think was that he must somehow get Dumbledore quickly to the hospital wing.'We need to get you up to the school, sir ... Madam Pomfrey ...''No,' said Dumbledore. 'It is ... Professor Snape whom I need ... but I do not think ... I can walk very far just yet ...''Right - sir, listen - I'm going to knock on a door, find a place you can stay - then I can run and get Madam -''Severus,' said Dumbledore clearly. 'I need Severus ...''All right then, Snape - but I'm going to have to leave you for a moment so I can -'Before Harry could make a move, however, he heard run- ning footsteps. His heart leapt: somebody had seen, somebody knew they needed help - and looking around he saw Madam Rosmerta scurrying down the dark street towards them on high-heeled, fluffy slippers, wearing a silk dressing-gown embroidered with dragons.'I saw you Apparate as I was pulling my bedroom curtains! Thank goodness, thank goodness, I couldn't think what to - but what's wrong with Albus?'She came to a halt, panting, and stared down, wide-eyed, at Dumbledore.'He's hurt,' said Harry. 'Madam Rosmerta, can he come into the Three Broomsticks while I go up to the school and get help for him?''You can't go up there alone! Don't you realise - haven't you seen -?''If you help me support him,' said Harry, not listening to her, 'I think we can get him inside -''What has happened?' asked Dumbledore. 'Rosmerta, what's wrong?'The - the Dark Mark, Albus.'And she pointed into the sky, in the direction of Hogwarts. Dread flooded Harry at the sound of the words ... he turned and looked.There it was, hanging in the sky above the school: the blaz- ing green skull with a serpent tongue, the mark Death Eaters left behind whenever they had entered a building ... wherever they had murdered ...'When did it appear?' asked Dumbledore, and his hand clenched painfully upon Harry's shoulder as he struggled to his feet.'Must have been minutes ago, it wasn't there when I put the cat out, but when I got upstairs -''We need to return to the castle at once,' said Dumbledore. 'Rosmerta,' and though he staggered a little, he seemed wholly in command of the situation, 'we need transport - brooms -''I've got a couple behind the bar,' she said, looking very frightened. 'Shall I run and fetch -?''No, Harry can do it.'Harry raised his wand at once.'Accio Rosmerta's brooms.'A second later they heard a loud bang as the front door of the pub burst open	 two brooms had shot out into the street and were racing each other to Harry's side, where they stopped dead, quivering slightly, at waist height.'Rosmerta, please send a message to the Ministry,' said Dumbledore, as he mounted the broom nearest him. 'It might be that nobody within Hogwarts has yet realised anything is wrong ... Harry, put on your Invisibility Cloak.'Harry pulled his Cloak out of his pocket and threw it over himself before mounting his broom	 Madam Rosmerta was already tottering back towards her pub as Harry and Dumble-dore kicked off from the ground and rose up into the air. As they sped towards the castle, Harry glanced sideways at Dumbledore, ready to grab him should he fall, but the sight of the Dark Mark seemed to have acted upon Dumbledore like a stimulant: he was bent low over his broom, his eyes fixed upon the Mark, his long silver hair and beard flying behind him in the night air. And Harry, too, looked ahead at the skull, and fear swelled inside him like a venomous bubble, compressing his lungs, driving all other discomfort from his mind ...How long had they been away? Had Ron, Hermione and Ginny's luck run out by now? Was it one of them who had caused the Mark to be set over the school, or was it Neville, or Luna, or some other member of the DA? And if it was ... he was the one who had told them to patrol the corridors, he had asked them to leave the safety of their beds ... would he be responsible, again, for the death of a friend?As they flew over the dark, twisting lane down which they had walked earlier, Harry heard, over the whistling of the night air in his ears, Dumbledore muttering in some strange language again. He thought he understood why as he felt his broom shudder for a moment when they flew over the bound-ary wall into the grounds: Dumbledore was undoing the enchantments he himself had set around the castle, so that they could enter at speed. The Dark Mark was glittering directly above the Astronomy Tower, the highest of the castle. Did that mean the death had occurred there?Dumbledore had already crossed the crenellated ramparts and was dismounting	 Harry landed next to him seconds later and looked around.The ramparts were deserted. The door to the spiral staircase that led back into the castle was closed. There was no sign of a struggle, of a fight to the death, of a body.'What does it mean?' Harry asked Dumbledore, looking up at the green skull with its serpent's tongue glinting evilly above them. 'Is it the real Mark? Has someone definitely been - Professor?'In the dim green glow from the Mark Harry saw Dumble-dore clutching at his chest with his blackened hand.'Go and wake Severus,' said Dumbledore faintly but clearly. Tell him what has happened and bring him to me. Do noth- ing else, speak to nobody else and do not remove your Cloak. I shall wait here.''But -''You swore to obey me, Harry - go!'Harry hurried over to the door leading to the spiral stair-case, but his hand had only just closed upon the iron ring of the door when he heard running footsteps on the other side. He looked round at Dumbledore, who gestured to him to retreat. Harry backed away, drawing his wand as he did so.The door burst open and somebody erupted through it and shouted: 'Expelliarmus!'Harry's body became instantly rigid and immobile, and he felt himself fall back against the Tower wall, propped like an unsteady statue, unable to move or speak. He could not understand how it had happened - Expelliarmus was not a Freezing Charm -Then, by the light of the Mark, he saw Dumbledore's wand flying in an arc over the edge of the ramparts and under-stood ... Dumbledore had wordlessly immobilised Harry, and the second he had taken to perform the spell had cost him the chance of defending himself.Standing against the ramparts, very white in the face, Dumbledore still showed no sign of panic or distress. He merely looked across at his disarmer and said, 'Good evening, Draco.'Malfoy stepped forwards, glancing around quickly to check that he and Dumbledore were alone. His eyes fell upon the second broom.'Who else is here?''A question 1 might ask you. Or are you acting alone?'Harry saw Malfoy's pale eyes shift back to Dumbledore in the greenish glare of the Mark.'No,' he said. 'I've got back-up. There are Death Eaters here in your school tonight.''Well, well,' said Dumbledore, as though Malfoy was show- ing him an ambitious homework project. 'Very good indeed. You found a way to let them in, did you?''Yeah,' said Malfoy, who was panting. 'Right under your nose and you never realised!''Ingenious,' said Dumbledore. 'Yet ... forgive me ... where are they now? You seem unsupported.'They met some of your guard. They're having a fight down below. They won't be long ... I came on ahead. I - I've got a job to do.''Well, then, you must get on and do it, my dear boy,' said Dumbledore softly.There was silence. Harry stood imprisoned within his own invisible, paralysed body, staring at the two of them, his ears straining to hear sounds of the Death Eaters' distant fight, and in front of him, Draco Malfoy did nothing but stare at Albus Dumbledore who, incredibly, smiled.'Draco, Draco, you are not a killer.''How do you know?' said Malfoy at once.He seemed to realise how childish the words had sounded	 Harry saw him flush in the Mark's greenish light.'You don't know what I'm capable of,' said Malfoy more forcefully, 'you don't know what I've done!''Oh, yes, I do,' said Dumbledore mildly. 'You almost killed Katie Bell and Ronald Weasley. You have been trying, with increasing desperation, to kill me all year. Forgive me, Draco, but they have been feeble attempts ... so feeble, to be honest, that I wonder whether your heart has been really in it...''It has been in it!' said Malfoy vehemently. 'I've been work- ing on it all year, and tonight -'Somewhere in the depths of the castle below Harry heard a muffled yell. Malfoy stiffened and glanced over his shoulder.'Somebody is putting up a good fight,' said Dumbledore conversationally. 'But you were saying ... yes, you have man-aged to introduce Death Eaters into my school which, I admit, I thought impossible ... how did you do it?'But Malfoy said nothing: he was still listening to whatever was happening below and seemed almost as paralysed as Harry was.'Perhaps you ought to get on with the job alone,' suggested Dumbledore. 'What if your back-up has been thwarted by my guard? As you have perhaps realised, there are members of the Order of the Phoenix here tonight, too. And after all, you don't really need help ... I have no wand at the moment ... I cannot defend myself.'Malfoy merely stared at him.'I see,' said Dumbledore kindly, when Malfoy neithermoved nor spoke. 'You are afraid to act until they joinyou.'?'I'm not afraid!' snarled Malfoy, though he still made no move to hurt Dumbledore. 'It's you who should be scared!''But why? I don't think you will kill me, Draco. Killing is not nearly as easy as the innocent believe ... so tell me, while we wait for your friends ... how did you smuggle them in here? It seems to have taken you a long time to work out how to do it.'Malfoy looked as though he was fighting down the urge to shout, or to vomit. He gulped and took several deep breaths, glaring at Dumbledore, his wand pointing directly at the latter's heart. Then, as though he could not help himself, he said, '1 had to mend that broken Vanishing Cabinet that no one's used for years. The one Montague got lost in last year.''Aaaah.'Dumbledore's sigh was half a groan. He closed his eyes for a moment.That was clever ... there is a pair, I take it?''The other's in Borgin and Burkes,' said Malfoy, 'and they make a kind of passage between them. Montague told me that when he was stuck in the Hogwarts one, he was trapped in limbo but sometimes he could hear what was going on at school, and sometimes what was going on in the shop, as if the Cabinet was travelling between them, but he couldn't make anyone hear him ... in the end he managed to Apparate out, even though he'd never passed his test. He nearly died doing it. Everyone thought it was a really good story, but I was the only one who realised what it meant - even Borgin didn't know - 1 was the one who realised there could be a way into Hogwarts through the Cabinets if I fixed the broken one.''Very good,' murmured Dumbledore. 'So the Death Eaters were able to pass from Borgin and Burkes into the school to help you ... a clever plan, a very clever plan ... and, as you say, right under my nose ...''Yeah,' said Malfoy who, bizarrely, seemed to draw courage and comfort from Dumbledore's praise. 'Yeah, it was!''But there were times,' Dumbledore went on, 'weren't there, when you were not sure you would succeed in mending the Cabinet? And you resorted to crude and badly judged meas-ures such as sending me a cursed necklace that was bound to reach the wrong hands ... poisoning mead there was only the slightest chance I might drink ...''Yeah, well, you still didn't realise who was behind that stuff, did you?' sneered Malfoy, as Dumbledore slid a little down the ramparts, the strength in his legs apparently fading, and Harry struggled fruitlessly, mutely, against the enchantment binding him.'As a matter of fact, I did,' said Dumbledore. 'I was sure it was you.''Why didn't you stop me, then?' Malfoy demanded.'I tried, Draco. Professor Snape has been keeping watch over you on my orders -''He hasn't been doing your orders, he promised my mother -''Of course that is what he would tell you, Draco, but -''He's a double-agent, you stupid old man, he isn't working for you, you just think he is!''We must agree to differ on that, Draco. It so happens that I trust Professor Snape -''Well, you're losing your grip, then!' sneered Malfoy. 'He's been offering me plenty of help - wanting all the glory for himself - wanting a bit of the action - What are you doing? Did you do the necklace, that was stupid, it could have blown everything - But I haven't told him what I've been doing in the Room of Requirement, he's going to wake up tomorrow and it'll all be over and he won't be the Dark Lord's favourite any more, he'll be nothing compared to me, nothing!''Very gratifying,' said Dumbledore mildly. 'We all like* appreciation for our own hard work, of course ... but you must have had an accomplice, all the same ... someone in Hogsmeade, someone who was able to slip Katie the - the - aaaahDumbledore closed his eyes again and nodded, as though he was about to fall asleep.'... of course ... Rosmerta. How long has she been under the Imperius Curse?''Got there at last, have you?' Malfoy taunted.There was another yell from below, rather louder than the last. Malfoy looked nervously over his shoulder again, then back at Dumbledore, who went on, 'So poor Rosmerta was forced to lurk in her own bathroom and pass that necklace to any Hogwarts student who entered the room unaccompanied? And the poisoned mead ... well, naturally, Rosmerta was able to poison it for you before she sent the bottle to Slughorn, believing that it was to be my Christmas present ... yes, very neat ... very neat ... poor Mr Filch would not, of course, think to check a bottle of Rosmerta's ... tell me, how have you been communicating with Rosmerta? I thought we had all methods of communication in and out of the school monitored.''Enchanted coins,' said Malfoy, as though he was compelled to keep talking, though his wand hand was shaking badly. 'I had one and she had the other and 1 could send her messages -''Isn't that the secret method of communication the group that called themselves Dumbledore's Army used last year?' asked Dumbledore. His voice was light and conversational, but Harry saw him slip an inch lower down the wall as he said it.'Yeah, I got the idea from them,' said Malfoy, with a twisted smile. 'I got the idea of poisoning the mead from the Mudblood Granger, as well, I heard her talking in the library about Filch not recognising potions ...'Hogsmeade, someone who was able to slip Katie the - the - aaaahDumbledore closed his eyes again and nodded, as though he was about to fall asleep.'... of course ... Rosmerta. How long has she been under the Imperius Curse?''Got there at last, have you?' Malfoy taunted.There was another yell from below, rather louder than the last. Malfoy looked nervously over his shoulder again, then back at Dumbledore, who went on, 'So poor Rosmerta was forced to lurk in her own bathroom and pass that necklace to any Hogwarts student who entered the room unaccompanied? And the poisoned mead ... well, naturally, Rosmerta was able to poison it for you before she sent the bottle to Slughorn, believing that it was to be my Christmas present ... yes, very neat ... very neat ... poor Mr Filch would not, of course, think to check a bottle of Rosmerta's ... tell me, how have you been communicating with Rosmerta? I thought we had all methods of communication in and out of the school monitored.''Enchanted coins,' said Malfoy, as though he was compelled to keep talking, though his wand hand was shaking badly. 'I had one and she had the other and 1 could send her messages -''Isn't that the secret method of communication the group that called themselves Dumbledore's Army used last year?' asked Dumbledore. His voice was light and conversational, but Harry saw him slip an inch lower down the wall as he said it.'Yeah, I got the idea from them,' said Malfoy, with a twisted smile. 'I got the idea of poisoning the mead from the Mudblood Granger, as well, I heard her talking in the library about Filch not recognising potions ...''Please do not use that offensive word in front of me,' said Dumbledore.Malfoy gave a harsh laugh.'You care about me saying Mudblood when I'm about to kill you?''Yes, I do,' said Dumbledore, and Harry saw his feet slide a little on the floor as he struggled to remain upright. 'But as for being about to kill me, Draco, you have had several long minutes now. We are quite alone. I am more defenceless than you can have dreamed of finding me, and still you have not acted ...'Malfoy's mouth contorted involuntarily, as though he had tasted something very bitter.'Now, about tonight,' Dumbledore went on, 'I am a little puzzled about how it happened ... you knew that I had left the school? But of course,' he answered his own question, 'Rosmerta saw me leaving, she tipped you off using your ingenious coins, I'm sure ...''That's right,' said Malfoy. 'But she said you were just going for a drink, you'd be back ...''Well, I certainly did have a drink ... and I came back ... after a fashion,' mumbled Dumbledore. 'So you decided to spring a trap for me?''We decided to put the Dark Mark over the Tower and get you to hurry up here, to see who'd been killed,' said Malfoy. 'And it worked!''Well ... yes and no ...' said Dumbledore. 'But am I to take it, then, that nobody has been murdered?''Someone's dead,' said Malfoy and his voice seemed to go up an octave as he said it. 'One of your people ... I don't know who, it was dark ... I stepped over the body ... I was* supposed to be waiting up here when you got back, only your Phoenix lot got in the way ...''Yes, they do that,' said Dumbledore.There was a bang and shouts from below, louder than ever	 it sounded as though people were fighting on the actual spiral staircase that led to where Dumbledore, Malfoy and Harry stood, and Harry's heart thundered unheard in his invisible chest ... someone was dead ... Malfoy had stepped over the body ... but who was it?There is little time, one way or another,' said Dumbledore. 'So let us discuss your options, Draco.''My options!' said Malfoy loudly. 'I'm standing here with a wand - I'm about to kill you -''My dear boy, let us have no more pretence about that. If you were going to kill me, you would have done it when you first Disarmed me, you would not have stopped for this pleasant chat about ways and means.''I haven't got any options!' said Malfoy, and he was sud- denly as white as Dumbledore. 'I've got to do it! He'll kill me! He'll kill my whole family!''I appreciate the difficulty of your position,' said Dumbledore. 'Why else do you think I have not confronted you before now? Because I knew that you would have been murdered if Lord Voldemort realised that I suspected you.'Malfoy winced at the sound of the name.'I did not dare speak to you of the mission with which I knew you had been entrusted, in case he used Legilimency against you,' continued Dumbledore. 'But now at last we can speak plainly to each other ... no harm has been done, you have hurt nobody, though you are very lucky that your unintentional victims survived ... I can help you, Draco.''No, you can't,' said Malfoy, his wand hand shaking very badly indeed. 'Nobody can. He told me to do it or he'll kill me. I've got no choice.''Come over to the right side, Draco, and we can hide you more completely than you can possibly imagine. What is more, I can send members of the Order to your mother tonight to hide her likewise. Your father is safe at the moment in Azkaban ... when the time comes we can protect him too ... come over to the right side, Draco ... you are not a killer ...'Malfoy stared at Dumbledore.'But I got this far, didn't I?' he said slowly. They thought I'd die in the attempt, but I'm here ... and you're in my power ... I'm the one with the wand ... you're at my mercy ...''No, Draco,' said Dumbledore quietly. 'It is my mercy, and not yours, that matters now.'Malfoy did not speak. His mouth was open, his wand hand still trembling. Harry thought he saw it drop by a fraction -But suddenly footsteps were thundering up the stairs and a second later Malfoy was buffeted out of the way as four people in black robes burst through the door on to the ram-parts. Still paralysed, his eyes staring unblinkingly, Harry gazed in terror upon four strangers: it seemed the Death Eaters had won the fight below.A lumpy-looking man with an odd lopsided leer gave a wheezy giggle.'Dumbledore cornered!' he said, and he turned to a stocky little woman who looked as though she could be his sister and who was grinning eagerly. 'Dumbledore wandless, Dumbledore alone! Well done, Draco, well done!''Good evening, Amycus,' said Dumbledore calmly, as though welcoming the man to a tea party. 'And you've brought Alecto too ... charming ...'The woman gave an angry little titter.Think your little jokes'll help you on your death bed, then?' she jeered.'Jokes? No, no, these are manners,' replied Dumbledore.'Do it,' said the stranger standing nearest to Harry, a big, rangy man with matted grey hair and whiskers, whose black Death Eater's robes looked uncomfortably tight. He had a voice like none that Harry had ever heard: a rasping bark of a voice. Harry could smell a powerful mixture of dirt, sweat and, unmistakeably, of blood coming from him. His filthy hands had long yellowish nails.'Is that you, Fenrir?' asked Dumbledore.That's right,' rasped the other. 'Pleased to see me, Dumbledore?''No, I cannot say that I am ...'Fenrir Greyback grinned, showing pointed teeth. Blood trickled down his chin and he licked his lips slowly, obscenely.'But you know how much I like kids, Dumbledore.''Am I to take it that you are attacking even without the full moon now? This is most unusual ... you have developed a taste for human flesh that cannot be satisfied once a month?'That's right,' said Greyback. 'Shocks you, that, does it, Dumbledore? Frightens you?''Well, I cannot pretend it does not disgust me a little,' said Dumbledore. 'And, yes, I am a little shocked that Draco here invited you, of all people, into the school where his friends live...''I didn't,' breathed Malfoy. He was not looking at Greyback	 he did not seem to want to even glance at him. 'I didn't know he was going to come -''I wouldn't want to miss a trip to Hogwarts, Dumbledore,' rasped Greyback. 'Not when there are throats to be ripped out ... delicious, delicious ...'And he raised a yellow fingernail and picked at his front teeth, leering at Dumbledore.'1 could do you for afters, Dumbledore ...''No,' said the fourth Death Eater sharply. He had a heavy, brutal-looking face. 'We've got orders. Draco's got to do it. Now, Draco, and quickly.'Malfoy was showing less resolution than ever. He looked terrified as he stared into Dumbledore's face, which was even paler, and rather lower than usual, as he had slid so far down the rampart wall.'He's not long for this world anyway, if you ask me!' said the lopsided man, to the accompaniment of his sister's wheezing giggles. 'Look at him - what's happened to you, then, Dumby?''Oh, weaker resistance, slower reflexes, Amycus,' said Dumbledore. 'Old age, in short ... one day, perhaps, it will happen to you ... if you are lucky ...''What's that mean, then, what's that mean?' yelled the Death Eater, suddenly violent. 'Always the same, weren't yeh, Dumby, talking and doing nothing, nothing, I don't even know why the Dark Lord's bothering to kill yeh! Come on, Draco, do it!'But at that moment, there were renewed sounds of scuffling from below and a voice shouted, 'They've blocked the stairs - Reducto! REDUCTO!'Harry's heart leapt: so these four had not eliminated all opposition, but merely broken through the fight to the top of the Tower, and, by the sound of it, created a barrier behind them -'Now, Draco, quickly!' said the brutal-faced man angrily.But Malfoy's hand was shaking so badly that he could barely aim.Til do it,' snarled Greyback, moving towards Dumbledore with his hands outstretched, his teeth bared.'I said no!' shouted the brutal-faced man	 there was a flash of light and the werewolf was blasted out of the way	 he hit the ramparts and staggered, looking furious. Harry's heart was hammering so hard it seemed impossible that nobody could hear him standing there, imprisoned by Dumbledore's spell -if he could only move, he could aim a curse from under the Cloak -'Draco, do it, or stand aside so one of us -' screeched the woman, but at that precise moment the door to the ramparts burst open once more and there stood Snape, his wand clutched in his hand as his black eyes swept the scene, from Dumbledore slumped against the wall, to the four Death Eaters, including the enraged werewolf, and Malfoy.'We've got a problem, Snape,' said the lumpy Amycus, whose eyes and wand were fixed alike upon Dumbledore, 'the boy doesn't seem able -'But somebody else had spoken Snape's name, quite softly.'Severus ...'The sound frightened Harry beyond anything he had experienced all evening. For the first time, Dumbledore was pleading.Snape said nothing, but walked forwards and pushed Malfoy roughly out of the way. The three Death Eaters fell back without a word. Even the werewolf seemed cowed.Snape gazed for a moment at Dumbledore, and there was revulsion and hatred etched in the harsh lines of his face.'Severus ... please ...Snape raised his wand and pointed it directly at Dumbledore.'Avada Kedavra!'A jet of green light shot from the end of Snape's wand and hit Dumbledore squarely in the chest. Harry's scream of horror never left him	 silent and unmoving, he was forced to watch as Dumbledore was blasted into the air: for a split second he seemed to hang suspended beneath the shining skull, and then he fell slowly backwards, like a great rag doll, over the battlements and out of sight.,160,Half-Blood Prince,27	
Half-Blood Prince=Harry felt as though he too were hurtling through space	 it had not happened. . . . It could not have happened. ...Out of here, quickly, said Snape.He seized Malfoy by the scruff of the neck and forced him through the door ahead of the rest	 Greyback and the squat brother and sister followed, the latter both panting excitedly. As they vanished through the door, Harry realized he could move again. What was now holding him paralyzed against the wall was not magic, but horror and shock. He threw the Invisibility Cloak aside as the brutal-faced Death Eater, last to leave the tower top, was disappearing through the door.Petrificus Totalus!The Death Eater buckled as though hit in the back with something solid and fell to the ground, rigid as a waxwork, but he had barely hit the floor when Harry was clambering over him and running down the darkened staircase.Terror tore at Harry	s heart. ... He had to get to Dumbledore and he had to catch Snape. ... Somehow the two things were linked. ... He could reverse what had happened if he had them both together. ... Dumbledore could not have died. ...He leapt the last ten steps of the spiral staircase and stopped where he landed, his wand raised. The dimly lit corridor was full of dust	 half the ceiling seemed to have fallen in	 and a battle was raging before him, but even as he attempted to make out who were fighting whom, he heard the hated voice shout, It's over, time to go! and saw Snape disappearing around the corner at the far end of the corridor	 he and Malfoy seemed to have forced their way through the fight unscathed. As Harry plunged after them, one of the fighters detached themselves from the fray and flew at him: it was the werewolf, Fenrir. He was on top of Harry before Harry could raise his wand: Harry fell backward, with filthy matted hair in his face, the stench of sweat and blood filling his nose and mouth, hot greedy breath at his throat -Petrificus Totalus!Harry felt Fenrir collapse against him	 with a stupendous effort he pushed the werewolf off and onto the floor as a jet of green light came flying toward him	 he ducked and ran, headfirst, into the fight. His feet met something squashy and slippery on the floor and he stumbled: There were two bodies lying there, lying facedown in a pool of blood, but there was no time to investigate. Harry now saw red hair flying like flames in front of him: Ginny was locked in combat with the lumpy Death Eater, Amycus, who was throwing hex after hex at her while she dodged them: Amycus was giggling, enjoying the sport: Crucio - Crucio - you can't dance forever, pretty-Impedimenta! yelled Harry.His jinx hit Amycus in the chest: He gave a piglike squeal of pain, was lifted off his feet and slammed into the opposite wall, slid down it, and fell out of sight behind Ron, Professor McGonagall, and Lupin, each of whom was battling a separate Death Eater. Beyond them, Harry saw Tonks fighting an enormous blond wizard who was sending curses flying in all directions, so that they ricocheted off the walls around them, cracking stone, shattering the nearest window -Harry, where did you come from? Ginny cried, but there was no time to answer her. He put his head down and sprinted forward, narrowly avoiding a blast that erupted over his head, showering them all in bits of wall. Snape must not escape, he must catch up with Snape -Take that! shouted Professor McGonagall, and Harry glimpsed the female Death Eater, Alecto, sprinting away down the corridor with her arms over her head, her brother right behind her. He launched himself after them but his foot caught on something, and next moment he was lying across someone's legs. Looking around, he saw Neville's pale, round face flat against the floor. Neville, are you - ?M'all right, muttered Neville, who was clutching his stomach, Harry . . . Snape 'n' Malfoy . . . ran past. . .I know, I'm on it! said Harry, aiming a hex from the floor at the enormous blond Death Eater who was causing most of the chaos. The man gave a howl of pain as the spell hit him in the face: He wheeled around, staggered, and then pounded away after the brother and sister. Harry scrambled up from the floor and began to sprint along the corridor, ignoring the bangs issuing from behind him, the yells of the others to come back, and the mute call of the figures on the ground whose fate he did not yet know. . . .He skidded around the corner, his trainers slippery with blood	 Snape had an immense head start. Was it possible that he had already entered the cabinet in the Room of Requirement, or had the Order made steps to secure it, to prevent the Death Eaters retreating that way? He could hear nothing but his own pounding feet, his own hammering heart as he sprinted along the next empty corridor, but then spotted a bloody footprint that showed at least one of the fleeing Death Eaters was heading toward the front doors - perhaps the Room of Requirement was indeed blocked -He skidded around another corner and a curse flew past him	 he dived behind a suit of armor that exploded. He saw the brother and sister running down the marble staircase ahead and aimed jinxes at them, but merely hit several bewigged witches in a portrait on the landing, who ran screeching into neighboring paintings. As he leapt the wreckage of armor, Harry heard more shouts and screams	 other people within the castle seemed to have awoken. . . .He pelted toward a shortcut, hoping to overtake the brother and sister and close in on Snape and Malfoy, who must surely have reached the grounds by now. Remembering to leap the vanishing step halfway down the concealed staircase, he burst through a tapestry at the bottom and out into a corridor where a number of bewildered and pajama-clad Hufflepuffs stood.Harry! We heard a noise, and someone said something aboui the Dark Mark - began Ernie Macmillan.Out of the way! yelled Harry, knocking two boys aside as he sprinted toward the landing and down the remainder of the marble staircase. The oak front doors had been blasted open, there were smears of blood on the flagstones, and several terrified students stood huddled against the walls, one or two still cowering with their arms over their faces. The giant Gryffindor hourglass had been hit by a curse, and the rubies within were still falling, with a loud rattle, onto the flagstones below.Harry flew across the entrance hall and out into the dark grounds: He could just make out three figures racing across the lawn, heading for the gates beyond which they could Disapparate - by the looks of them, the huge blond Death Eater and, some way ahead of him, Snape and Malfoy. ...The cold night air ripped at Harry's lungs as he tore after them	 he saw a flash of light in the distance that momentarily silhouetted his quarry. He did not know what it was but continued to run, not yet near enough to get a good aim with a curse -Another flash, shouts, retaliatory jets of light, and Harry understood: Hagrid had emerged from his cabin and was trying to stop the Death Eaters escaping, and though every breath seemed to shred his lungs and the stitch in his chest was like fire, Harry sped up as an unbidden voice in his head said: not Hagrid. . . not Hagrid too . . .Something caught Harry hard in the small of the back and he fell forward, his face smacking the ground, blood pouring out of both nostrils: He knew, even as he rolled over, his wand ready, that the brother and sister he had overtaken using his shortcut were closing in behind him. . . .Impedimenta! he yelled as he rolled over again, crouching close to the dark ground, and miraculously his jinx hit one of them, who stumbled and fell, tripping up the other	 Harry leapt to his feet and sprinted on after Snape.And now he saw the vast outline of Hagrid, illuminated by the light of the crescent moon revealed suddenly behind clouds
Half-Blood Prince=Come here, Harry ...No.Yeh can' stay here, Harry. ... Come on, now.... No.He did not want to leave Dumbledores side, he did not want to move anywhere. Hagrid's hand on his shoulder was trembling. Then another voice said, Harry, come on.A much smaller and warmer hand had enclosed his and was pulling him upward. He obeyed its pressure without really thinking about it. Only as he walked blindly back through the crowd did he realize, from a trace of flowery scent on the air, that it was Ginny who was leading him back into the castle. Incomprehensible voices battered him, sobs and shouts and wails stabbed the night, but Harry and Ginny walked on, back up the steps into the entrance hall. Faces swam on the edges of Harry's vision, people were peering at him, whispering, wondering, and Gryffindor rubies glistened on the floor like drops of blood as they made their way toward the marble staircase.We're going to the hospital wing, said Ginny.I'm not hurt, said Harry. !It's McGonagalls orders, said Ginny. Everyone's up there, Ron and Hermione and Lupin and everyone -Fear stirred in Harry's chest again: He had forgotten the inert figures he had left behind.Ginny, who else is dead?Don't worry, none of us.But the Dark Mark - Malfoy said he stepped over a body -He stepped over Bill, but its all right, he's alive.There was something in her voice, however, that Harry knew boded ill.Are you sure?Of course I'm sure . . . he's a - a bit of a mess, that's all. Greyback attacked him. Madam Pomfrey says he won't - won't look the same anymore. . . .Ginny's voice trembled a little.We don't really know what the aftereffects will be - I mean, Greyback being a werewolf, but not transformed at the time.But the others . . . There were other bodies on the ground. . . .Neville and Professor Flitwick are both hurt, but Madam Pomfrey says they'll be all right. And a Death Eater's dead, he got hit by a Killing Curse that huge blond one was firing off everywhere - Harry, if we hadn't had your Felix potion, I think we'd all have been killed, but everything seemed to just miss us -They had reached the hospital wing. Pushing open the doors, Harry saw Neville lying, apparently asleep, in a bed near the door. Ron, Hermione, Luna, Tonks, and Lupin were gathered around another bed near the far end of the ward. At the sound of the doors opening, they all looked up. Hermione ran to Harry and hugged him	 Lupin moved forward too, looking anxious.Are you all right, Harry?I'm fine.... How's Bill?Nobody answered. Harry looked over Hermione's shoulder and saw an unrecognizable face lying on Bill's pillow, so badly slashed and ripped that he looked grotesque. Madam Pomfrey was dabbing at his wounds with some harsh-smelling green ointment. Harry remembered how Snape had mended Malfoy's Sectumsempra wounds so easily with his wand.Can't you fix them with a charm or something? he asked the matron.No charm will work on these, said Madam Pomfrey. I've tried everything I know, but there is no cure for werewolf bites.But he wasn't bitten at the full moon, said Ron, who was gazing down into his brother's face as though he could somehow force him to mend just by staring. Greyback hadn't transformed, so surely Bill won't be a - a real - ? :He looked uncertainly at Lupin.No, I don't think that Bill will be a true werewolf, said Lupin, but that does not mean that there won't be some contamination. Those are cursed wounds. They are unlikely ever to heal fully, and - and Bill might have some wolfish characteristics from now on.Dumbledore might know something that'd work, though, Ron said. Where is he? Bill fought those maniacs on Dumbledore's orders, Dumbledore owes him, he can't leave him in this state -Ron - Dumbledores dead, said Ginny.No! Lupin looked wildly from Ginny to Harry, as though hoping the latter might contradict her, but when Harry did nor, Lupin collapsed into a chair beside Bill's bed, his hands over his face. Harry had never seen Lupin lose control before	 he felt as though he was intruding upon something private, indecent. He turned away and caught Ron's eye instead, exchanging in silence a look that confirmed what Ginny had said.How did he die? whispered Tonks. How did it happen?Snape killed him, said Harry. I was there, I saw it. We arrived back on the Astronomy Tower because that's where the Mark was. . . . Dumbledore was ill, he was weak, but I think he realized it was a trap when we heard footsteps running up the stairs. He immobilized me, I couldn't do anything, I was under the Invisibility Cloak - and then Malfoy came through the door and disarmed him -Hermione clapped her hands to her mouth and Ron groaned. Luna's mouth trembled.- more Death Eaters arrived - and then Snape - and Snape did it. The Avada Kedavra. Harry couldn't go on.Madam Pomfrey burst into tears. Nobody paid her any attention except Ginny, who whispered, Shh! Listen!Gulping, Madam Pomfrey pressed her fingers to her mouth, her eyes wide. Somewhere out in the darkness, a phoenix was singing in a way Harry had never heard before: a stricken lament of terrible beauty. And Harry felt, as he had felt about phoenix song before, that the music was inside him, not without: It was his own grief turned magically to song that echoed across the grounds and through the castle windows.How long they all stood there, listening, he did not know, nor why it seemed to ease their pain a little to listen to the sound of their mourning, but it felt like a long time later that the hospital door opened again and Professor McGonagall entered the ward. Like all the rest, she bore marks of the recent battle: There were grazes on her face and her robes were ripped.Molly and Arthur are on their way, she said, and the spell of the music was broken: Everyone roused themselves as though coming out of trances, turning again to look at Bill, or else to rub their own eyest shake their heads. Harry, what happened? According to Hagrid you were with Professor Dumbledore when he - when it happened. He says Professor Snape was involved in some - Snape killed Dumbledore, said Harry.She stared at him for a moment, then swayed alarmingly	 Madam Pomfrey, who seemed to have pulled herself together, ran forward, conjuring a chair from thin air, which she pushed under McGonagall.Snape, repeated McGonagall faintly, falling into the chair. We all wondered . . . but he trusted . . . always . . . Snape... I can't believe it. ...Snape was a highly accomplished Occlumens, said Lupin, his voice uncharacteristically harsh. We always knew that.But Dumbledore swore he was on our side! whispered Tonks. I always thought Dumbledore must know something about Snape that we didn't. ... .He always hinted that he had an ironclad reason for trusting Snape, muttered Professor McGonagall, now dabbing at the corners of her leaking eyes with a tartan-edged handkerchief. I mean . . . with Snapes history ... of course people were bound to wonder. . . but Dumbledore told me explicitly that Snape's repentance was absolutely genuine-----Wouldn't hear a word against him!I'd love to know what Snape told him to convince him, said Tonks.I know, said Harry, and they all turned to look at him. Snape passed Voldemort the information that made Voldemort hunt down my mum and dad. Then Snape told Dumbledore he hadn't realized what he was doing, he was really sorry he'd done it, sorry that they were dead.They all stared at him.And Dumbledore believed that? said Lupin incredulously. Dumbledore believed Snape was sorry James was dead? Snape hated James. . . .And he didn't think my mother was worth a damn either, said Harry, because she was Muggle-born... 'Mudblood,' he called her. ...Nobody asked how Harry knew this. All of them seemed to be lost in horrified shock, trying to digest the monstrous truth of what had happened.This is all my fault, said Professor McGonagall suddenly. She looked disoriented, twisting her wet handkerchief in her hands. My fault. I sent Filius to fetch Snape tonight, I actually sent for him to come and help us! If I hadn't alerted Snape to what was going on, he might never have joined forces with the Death Eaters. I don't think he knew they were there before Filius told him, I don't think he knew they were coming.It isn't your fault, Minerva, said Lupin firmly. We all wanted more help, we were glad to think Snape was on his way....So when he arrived at the fight, he joined in on the Death Eaters' side? asked Harry, who wanted every detail of Snape's duplicity and infamy, feverishly collecting more reasons to hate him, to swear vengeance.I don't know exactly how it happened, said Professor McGonagall distractedly. It's all so confusing. . . . Dumbledore had told us that he would be leaving the school for a few hours and that we were to patrol the corridors just in case . . . Remus, Bill, and Nymphadora were to join us ... and so we patrolled. All seemed quiet. Every secret passageway out of the school was covered. We knew nobody could fly in. There were powerful enchantments on every entrance into the castle. I still don't know how the Death Eaters can possibly have entered. . . .I do, said Harry, and he explained, briefly, about the pair of Vanishing Cabinets and the magical pathway they formed. So they got in through the Room of Requirement.Almost against his will he glanced from Ron to Hermione, both of whom looked devastated.I messed up, Harry, said Ron bleakly. We did like you told us: We checked the Marauder's Map and we couldn't see Malfoy on it, so we thought he must be in the Room of Requirement, so me, Ginny, and Neville went to keep watch on it... but Malfoy got past us.He came out of the room about an hour after we started keeping watch, said Ginny. He was on his own, clutching that awful shriveled arm -His Hand of Glory, said Ron. Gives light only to the holder, remember?Anyway, Ginny went on, he must have been checking whether the coast was clear to let the Death Eaters out, because the moment he saw us he threw something into the air and it all went pitch-black -- Peruvian Instant Darkness Powder, said Ron bitterly. Fred and George's. I'm going to be having a word with them about who they let buy their products.We tried everything, Lumos, Incendio, said Ginny. Nothing would penetrate the darkness	 all we could do was grope our way out of the corridor again, and meanwhile we could hear people rushing past us. Obviously Malfoy could see because of that hand thing and was guiding them, but we didn't dare use any curses or anything in case we hit each other, and by the time we'd reached a corridor that was light, they'd gone.Luckily, said Lupin hoarsely, Ron, Ginny, and Neville ran into us almost immediately and told us what had happened. We found the Death Eaters minutes later, heading in the direction of the Astronomy Tower. Malfoy obviously hadn't expected more people to be on the watch	 he seemed to have exhausted his supply of Darkness Powder, at any rate. A fight broke out, they scattered and we gave chase. One of them, Gibbon, broke away and headed up the tower stairs -To set off the Mark? asked Harry.He must have done, yes, they must have arranged that before they left the Room of Requirement, said Lupin. But I don't think Gibbon liked the idea of waiting up there alone for Dumbledore, because he came running back downstairs to rejoin the fight and was hit by a Killing Curse that just missed me.So if Ron was watching the Room of Requirement with Ginny and Neville, said Harry, turning to Hermione, were you - ?Outside Snape's office, yes, whispered Hermione, her eyes sparkling with tears, with Luna. We hung around for ages outside it and nothing happened. . . . We didn't know what was going on upstairs, Ron had taken the map-----It was nearly midnight when Professor Flitwick came sprinting down into the dungeons. He was shouting about Death Eaters in the castle, I don't think he really registered that Luna and I were there at all, he just burst his way into Snape's office and we heard him saying that Snape had to go back with him and help and then we heard a loud thump and Snape came hurtling out of his room and he saw us and - and - What? Harry urged her.I was so stupid, Harry! said Hermione in a high-pitched whisper. He said Professor Flitwick had collapsed and that we should go and take care of him while he - while he went to help fight the Death Eaters - She covered her face in shame and continued to talk into her fingers, so that her voice was muffled. We went into his office to see if we could help Professor Flitwick and found him unconscious on the floor. . . and oh, it's so obvious now, Snape must have Stupefied Flitwick, but we didn't realize, Harry, we didn't realize, we just let Snape go!It's not your fault, said Lupin firmly. Hermione, had you not obeyed Snape and got out of the way, he probably would have killed you and Luna.So then he came upstairs, said Harry, who was watching Snape running up the marble staircase in his mind's eye, his black robes billowing behind him as ever, pulling his wand from under his cloak as he ascended, and he found the place where you were all fighting. ...We were in trouble, we were losing, said Tonks in a low voice. Gibbon was down, but the rest of the Death Eaters seemed ready to fight to the death. Neville had been hurt, Bill had been savaged by Greyback... It was all dark . . . curses flying everywhere . . . The Malfoy boy had vanished, he must have slipped past, up the stairs . . . then more of them ran after him, but one of them blocked the stair behind them with some kind of curse. . . . Neville ran at it and got thrown up into the air -None of us could break through, said Ron, and that massive Death Eater was still firing off jinxes all over the place, they were bouncing off the walls and barely missing us. . . .And then Snape was there, said Tonks, and then he wasn't -I saw him running toward us, but that huge Death Eaters jinx just missed me right afterward and I ducked and lost track of things, said Ginny.I saw him run straight through the cursed barrier as though it wasn't there, said Lupin. I tried to follow him, but was thrown back just like Neville. . . .He must have known a spell we didn't, whispered McGonagall. After all - he was the Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher. ... I just assumed that he was in a hurry to chase after the Death Eaters who'd escaped up to the tower. ...He was, said Harry savagely, but to help them, not to stop them . . . and I'll bet you had to have a Dark Mark to get through that barrier - so what happened when he came back down?Well, the big Death Eater had just fired off a hex that caused half the ceiling to fall in, and also broke the curse blocking the stairs, said Lupin. We all ran forward - those of us who were still standing anyway - and then Snape and the boy emerged out of the dust - obviously, none of us attacked them -We just let them pass, said Tonks in a hollow voice. We thought they were being chased by the Death Eaters - and next thing, the other Death Eaters and Greyback were back and we were fighting again - I thought I heard Snape shout something, but I don't know what -He shouted, 'It's over,' said Harry. He'd done what he'd meant to do.They all fell silent. Fawkes's lament was still echoing over the dark grounds outside. As the music reverberated upon the air, unbidden, unwelcome thoughts slunk into Harry's mind. . . . Had they taken Dumbledore's body from the foot of the tower yet? What would happen to it next? Where would it rest? He clenched his fists tighdy in his pockets. He could feel the small cold lump of the fake Horcrux against the knuckles of his right hand.The doors of the hospital wing burst open, making them all jump: Mr. and Mrs. Weasley were striding up the ward, Fleur just behind them, her beautiful face terrified.Molly - Arthur - said Professor McGonagall, jumping up and hurrying to greet them. I am so sorry -Bill, whispered Mrs. Weasley, darting past Professor McGonagall as she caught sight of Bill's mangled face. Oh, Bill!Lupin and Tonks had got up hastily and retreated so that Mr. and Mrs. Weasley could get nearer to the bed. Mrs. Weasley bent over her son and pressed her lips to his bloody forehead.You said Greyback attacked him? Mr. Weasley asked Professor McGonagall distractedly. But he hadn't transformed? So what does that mean? What will happen to Bill?We don't yet know, said Professor McGonagall, looking helplessly at Lupin.There will probably be some contamination, Arthur, .said Lupin. It is an odd case, possibly unique. . . . We don't know what his behavior might be like when he awakens. . . .Mrs. Weasley took the nasty-smelling ointment from Madam Pomfrey and began dabbing at Bill's wounds.And Dumbledore ... said Mr. Weasley. Minerva, is it true ... Is he really. . . ?As Professor McGonagall nodded, Harry felt Ginny move beside him and looked at her. Her slightly narrowed eyes were fixed upon Fleur, who was gazing down at Bill with a frozen expression on her face.Dumbledore gone, whispered Mr. Weasley, but Mrs. Weasley had eyes only for her eldest son	 she began to sob, tears falling onto Bill's mutilated face.Of course, it doesn't matter how he looks. . . . It's not r-really important. . . but he was a very handsome little b-boy . . . always very handsome . . . and he was g-going to be married!And what do you mean by zat? said Fleur suddenly and loudly. What do you mean, ' he was going to be married?'Mrs. Weasley raised her tear-stained face, looking startled. Well -only that-You theenk Bill will not wish to marry me anymore? demanded Fleur. You theenk, because of these bites, he will not love me?No, that's not what I -Because 'e will! said Fleur, drawing herself up to her full height and throwing back her long mane of silver hair. It would take more zan a werewolf to stop Bill loving me!Well, yes, I'm sure, said Mrs. Weasley, but I thought perhaps - given how - how he -You thought I would not weesh to marry him? Or per'aps, you hoped? said Fleur, her nostrils flaring. What do I care how he looks? I am good-looking enough for both of us, I theenk! All these scars show is zat my husband is brave! And I shall do zat! she added fiercely, pushing Mrs. Weasley aside and snatching the ointment from her.Mrs. Weasley fell back against her husband and watched Fleur mopping up Bill's wounds with a most curious expression upon her face. Nobody said anything	 Harry did not dare move. Like everybody else, he was waiting for the explosion.Our Great-Auntie Muriel, said Mrs. Weasley after a long pause, has a very beautiful tiara - goblin-made - which I am sure I could persuade her to lend you for the wedding. She is very fond of Bill, you know, and it would look lovely with your hair.Thank you, said Fleur stiffly. I am sure zat will be lovely.And then, Harry did not quite see how it happened, both , women were crying and hugging each other. Completely bewildered, wondering whether the world had gone mad, he turned around: Ron looked as stunned as he felt and Ginny and Hermione were exchanging startled looks.You see! said a strained voice. Tonks was glaring at Lupin. She still wants to marry him, even though he's been bitten! She doesn't care!It's different, said Lupin, barely moving his lips and looking suddenly tense. Bill will not be a full werewolf. The cases are completely -But I don't care either, I don't care! said Tonks, seizing the front of Lupin's robes and shaking them. I've told you a million times. . . .And the meaning of Tonks's Patronus and her mouse-colored hair, and the reason she had come running to find Dumbledore when she had heard a rumor someone had been attacked by Greyback, all suddenly became clear to Harry	 it had not been Sinus that Tonks had fallen in love with after all.And I've told you a million times, said Lupin, refusing to meet her eyes, staring at the floor, that I am too old for you, too poor . . . too dangerous. . . .I've said all along you're taking a ridiculous line on this, Remus, said Mrs. Weasley over Fleur's shoulder as she patted her on the back.I am not being ridiculous, said Lupin steadily. Tonks deserves somebody young and whole.But she wants you, said Mr. Weasley, with a small smile. And after all, Remus, young and whole men do not necessarily remain so.He gestured sadly at his son, lying between them.This is... not the moment to discuss it, said Lupin, avoiding everybody's eyes as he looked around distractedly. Dumbledore is dead. ...Dumbledore would have been happier than anybody to think that there was a little more love in the world, said Professor McGonagall curtly, just as the hospital doors opened again and Hagrid walked in.The little of his face that was not obscured by hair or beard was soaking and swollen	 he was shaking with tears, a vast, spotted handkerchief in his hand.I've . . . I've done it, Professor, he choked. M-moved him. Professor Sprout's got the kids back in bed. Professor Flitwick's lyin down, but he says he'll be all righ' in a jiffy, an' Professor Slughorn says the Ministry's bin informed.Thank you, Hagrid, said Professor McGonagall, standing up at once and turning to look at the group around Bill's bed. I shall have to see the Ministry when they get here. Hagrid, please tell the Heads of Houses - Slughorn can represent Slytherin - that I want to see them in my office forthwith. I would like you to join us too.As Hagrid nodded, turned, and shuffled out of the room again, she looked down at Harry. Before I meet them I would like a quick word with you, Harry. If you'll come with me. ...Harry stood up, murmured See you in a bit to Ron, Hermione, and Ginny, and followed Professor McGonagall back down the ward. The corridors outside were deserted and the only sound was the distant phoenix song. It was several minutes before Harry became aware that they were not heading for Professor McGonagall's office, but for Dumbledore's, and another few seconds before he realized that of course, she had been deputy headmistress, . . . Apparently she was now headmistress ... so the room behind the gargoyle was now hers.In silence they ascended the moving spiral staircase and entered the circular office. He did not know what he had expected: that the room would be draped in black, perhaps, or even that Dumbledore's body might be lying there. In fact, it looked almost exactly as it had done when he and Dumbledore had left it mere hours previously: the silver instruments whirring and puffing on their spindle legged tables, Gryffindor's sword in its glass case gleaming in the moonlight, the Sorting Hat on a shelf behind the desk, the Fawkes's perch stood empty, he was still crying his lament to the grounds. And a new portrait had joined the ranks of the dead headmasters and headmistresses of Hogwarts: Dumbledore was slumbering in a golden frame over the desk, his half-moon spectacle perched upon his crooked nose, looking peaceful and untroubled.After glancing once at this portrait, Professor McGonagall made an odd movement as though steeling herself, then rounded the' desk to look at Harry, her face taut and lined.Harry, she said, I would like to know what you and Professor Dumbledore were doing this evening when you left the school.I can't tell you that, Professor, said Harry. He had expected the question and had his answer ready. It had been here, in this very room, that Dumbledore had told him that he was to confide the contents of their lessons to nobody but Ron and Hermione.Harry, it might be important, said Professor McGonagall.It is, said Harry, very, but he didn't want me to tell anyone.Professor McGonagall glared at him. Potter - Harry registered the renewed use of his surname - in the light of Professor Dumbledore's death, I think you must see that the situation has changed somewhat -I don't think so, said Harry, shrugging. Professor Dumbledore never told me to stop following his orders if he died. But -There's one thing you should know before the Ministry gets here, though. Madam Rosmerta's under the Imperius Curse, she was helping Malfoy and the Death Eaters, that's how the necklace and the poisoned mead -Rosmerta? said Professor McGonagall incredulously, but before she could go on, there was a knock on the door behind them and Professors Sprout, Flitwick, and Slughorn traipsed into the room, followed by Hagrid, who was still weeping copiously, his huge frame trembling with grief.Snape! ejaculated Slughorn, who looked the most shaken, pale and sweating. Snape! I taught him! I thought I knew him!But before any of them could respond to this, a sharp voice spoke from high on the wall: A sallow-faced wizard with a short black fringe had just walked back into his empty canvas. Minerva, the Minister will be here within seconds, he has just Disapparated from the Ministry.Thank you, Everard, said Professor McGonagall, and she turned quickly to her teachers.I want to talk about what happens to Hogwarts before he gets here, she said quickly. Personally, I am not convinced that the school should reopen next year. The death of the headmaster at the hands of one of our colleagues is a terrible stain upon Hogwarts's history. It is horrible.I am sure Dumbledore would have wanted the school to remain open, said Professor Sprout. I feel that if a single pupil wants to come, then the school ought to remain open for that pupil.But will we have a single pupil after this? said Slughorn, now dabbing his sweating brow with a silken handkerchief. Parents will want to keep their children at home and I can't say I blame them. Personally, I don't think we're in more danger at Hogwarts than we are anywhere else, but you can't expect mothers to think like that. They'll want to keep their families together, it's only natural.I agree, said Professor McGonagall. And in any case, it is not true to say that Dumbledore never envisaged a situation in which Hogwarts might close. When the Chamber of Secrets reopened he considered the closure of the school - and I must say that Professor Dumbledore's murder is more disturbing to me than the idea of Slytherin's monster living undetected in the bowels of the castle. . . .We must consult the governors, said Professor Flitwick in his squeaky little voice	 he had a large bruise on his forehead but seemed otherwise unscathed by his collapse in Snape's office. We must follow the established procedures. A decision should not be made hastily.Hagrid, you haven't said anything, said Professor McGonagall. What are your views, ought Hogwarts to remain open?Hagrid, who had been weeping silently into his large, spotted handkerchief throughout this conversation, now raised puffy red eyes and croaked, I dunno, Professor . . . that's fer the Heads of House an the headmistress ter decide ...Professor Dumbledore always valued your views, said Professor McGonagall kindly, and so do I.Well, I'm stayin, said Hagrid, fat tears still leaking out of the corners of his eyes and trickling down into his tangled beard. It's me home, it's bin me home since I was thirteen. An' if there's kids who wan' me ter teach 'em, I'll do it. But... I dunno ... Hogwarts without Dumbledore .. . He gulped and disappeared behind his handkerchief once more, and there was silence.Very well, said Professor McGonagall, glancing out of the window at the grounds, checking to see whether the Minister was yet approaching, then I must agree with Filius that the right thing to do is to consult the governors, who will make the final decision.Now, as to getting students home . . . there is an argument for doing it sooner rather than later. We could arrange for the Hogwarts Express to come tomorrow if necessary -What about Dumbledore's funeral? said Harry, speaking at last.Well. . . said Professor McGonagall, losing a little of her briskness as her voice shook. I - I know that it was Dumbledore's wish to be laid to rest here, at Hogwarts -Then that's what'll happen, isn't it? said Harry fiercely.If the Ministry thinks it appropriate, said Professor McGonagall. No other headmaster or headmistress has ever been -No other headmaster or headmistress ever gave more to this school, growled Hagrid.Hogwarts should be Dumbledore's final resting place, said Professor Flitwick.Absolutely, said Professor Sprout.And in that case, said Harry, you shouldn't send the students home until the jfuneral's over. They'll want to say -The last word caught in his throat, but Professor Sprout completed the sentence for him. Good-bye.Well said, squeaked Professor Flitwick. Well said indeed! Our students should pay tribute, it is fitting. We can arrange transport home afterward.Seconded, barked Professor Sprout. ]I suppose ... yes .. . said Slughorn in a rather agitated voice, while Hagrid let out a strangled sob of assent.He's coming, said Professor McGonagall suddenly, gazing down into the grounds. The Minister . . . and by the looks of it. he's brought a delegation . . .Can I leave, Professor? said Harry at once.He had no desire at all to see, or be interrogated by, Rufus Scrimgeour tonight.You may, said Professor McGonagall. And quickly.She strode toward the door and held it open for him. He sped down the spiral staircase and off along the deserted corridor	 he-had left his Invisibility Cloak at the top of the Astronomy Tower, but it did not matter	 there was nobody in the corridors to see him pass, not even Filch, Mrs. Norris, or Peeves. He did not meet another soul until he turned into the passage leading to the Gryffindor common room.Is it true? whispered the Fat Lady as he approached her. It is really true? Dumbledore - dead?Yes, said Harry.She let out a wail and, without waiting for the password, swung forward to admit him.As Harry had suspected it would be, the common room was jam-packed. The room fell silent as he climbed through the portrait hole. He saw Dean and Seamus sitting in a group nearby: This meant that the dormitory must be empty, or nearly so. Without speaking to anybody, without making eye contact at all, Harry walked straight across the room and through the door to the boys' dormitories.As he had hoped, Ron was waiting for him, still fully dressed, sitting on his bed. Harry sat down on his own four-poster and for a moment, they simply stared at each other.They're talking about closing the school, said Harry.Lupin said they would, said Ron.There was a pause.So? said Ron in a very low voice, as though he thought the furniture might be listening in. Did you find one? Did you get it? A - a Horcrux?Harry shook his head. All that had taken place around that black lake seemed like an old nightmare now	 had it really happened, and only hours ago?You didn't get it? said Ron, looking crestfallen. It wasn't there?No, said Harry. Someone had already taken it and left a fake in its place.Already taken - ?Wordlessly, Harry pulled the fake locket from his pocket, opened it, and passed it to Ron. The full story could wait. ... It did not matter tonight. . . nothing mattered except the end, the end of their pointless adventure, the end of Dumbledore's life. . . .R.A.B., whispered Ron, but who was that?Dunno, said Harry, lying back on his bed fully clothed and staring blankly upwards. He felt no curiosity at all about R.A.B.: He doubted that he would ever feel curious again. As he lay there, he became aware suddenly that the grounds were silent. Fawkes had stopped singing. And he knew, without knowing how he knew it, that ilie phoenix had gone, had left Hogwarts for good, just as Dumbledore had left the school, had left the world . . . had left Harry.,162,Half-Blood Prince,29
Half-Blood Prince=All lessons were suspended, all examinations postponed. Some students were hurried away from Hogwarts by their parents over the next couple of days - the Patil twins were gone before breakfast on the morning following Dumbledore's death and Zacharias Smith was escorted from the castle by his haughty-looking father. Seamus Finnigan, on the other hand, refused point-blank to accompany his mother home	 they had a shouting match in the Entrance Hall which was resolved when she agreed that he could remain behind for the funeral. She had difficulty in finding a bed in Hogsmeade, Seamus told Harry and Ron, for wizards and witches were pouring into the village, preparing to pay their last respects to Durnbledore.Some excitement was caused among the younger students, who had never seen it before, when a powder-blue carriage the size of a house, pulled by a dozen giant winged palo-minos, came soaring out of the sky in the late afternoon before the funeral and landed on the edge of the Forest. Harry watched from a window as a gigantic and handsome olive-skinned, black-haired woman descended the carriage steps and threw herself into the waiting Hagrid's arms. Meanwhile a delegation of Ministry officials, including the Minister for Magic himself, was being accommodated within the castle. Harry was diligently avoiding contact with any of them	 hewas sure that, sooner or later, he would be asked again to account for Dumbledore's last excursion from Hogwarts.Harry, Ron, Hermione and Ginny were spending all of their time together. The beautiful weather seemed to mock them	 Harry could imagine how it would have been if Durnbledore had not died, and they had had this time together at the very end of the year, Ginny's examinations finished, the pressure of homework lifted ... and hour by hour, he put off saying the thing that he knew he must say, doing what he knew it was right to do, because it was too hard to forgo his best source of comfort.They visited the hospital wing twice a day: Neville had been discharged, but Bill remained under Madam Pomfrey's care. His scars were as bad as ever	 in truth, he now bore a distinct resemblance to Mad-Eye Moody, though thankfully with both eyes and legs, but in personality he seemed jusi the same as ever. All that appeared to have changed was that he now had a great liking for very rare steaks.'... so eet ees lucky 'e is marrying me,' said Fleur happily, plumping up Bill's pillows, 'because ze British overcook their meat, I 'ave always said this.''I suppose I'm just going to have to accept that he really is going to marry her,' sighed Ginny later that evening, as she, Harry, Ron and Hermione sat beside the open window of the Gryffindor common room, looking out over the twilit grounds,'She's not that bad,' said Harry. 'Ugly, though,' he added hastily, as Ginny raised her eyebrows, and she let out a reluctant giggle.'Well, I suppose if Mum can stand it, 1 can.''Anyone else we know died?' Ron asked Hermione, who was perusing the Evening Prophet.Hermione winced at the forced toughness in his voice.'No,' she said reprovingly, folding up ihe newspaper. 'They're still looking for Snape, but no sign ...''Of course there isn't,' said Harry, who became angry every lime this subject cropped up. They won't find Snape till they find Voldemort, and seeing as they've never managed to do that in all this time ...''I'm going to go to bed,' yawned Ginny. 'I haven't been sleeping thai well since ... well ... I could do with some sleep.'She kissed Harry (Ron looked away pointedly), waved al the other two and departed for the girls' dormitories. The moment the door had closed behind her, Hermione leaned forwards towards Harry with a most Hermione-ish look on her face.'Harry, I found something ou( this morning, in the library ..,''R.A.B.?' said Harry, silling up straight.He did not feel the way he had so often felt before, excited, curious, burning to get to the bottom of a mystery	 he simply knew that the task of discovering the truth about the real Horcrux had to be completed before he could move a little further along the dark and winding path stretching ahead of him, the path that he and Dumbledore had set out upon together, and which he now knew he would have to journey alone. There might still be as many as four Horcruxes out there somewhere and each would need to be found and elim-inated before there was even a possibility that Voldemort could be killed. He kept reciting their names to himself, as though by listing them he could bring them within reach: 'the locket .., the cup ... the snake ... something of Gryffindor's or Ravenclaw's ... the locket ... the cup ... the snake ... something of Gryffindor's or Ravenclaw's ...'This mantra seemed to pulse through Harry's mind as hefell asleep at night, and his dreams were thick with cups, lockets and mysterious objects that he could not quite reach, though Dumbledore helpfully offered Harry a rope ladder that turned to snakes the moment he began to climb ...He had shown Hermione the note inside the locket the morning after Dumbledore's death, and although she had not immediately recognised the initials as belonging to some obscure wizard about whom she had been reading, she had since been rushing off to the library a little more often than was strictly necessary for somebody who had no homework to do.'No,' she said sadly, 'I've been trying, Harry, but I haven't found anything ... there are a couple of reasonably well-known wizards with those initials - Rosalind Antigone Bungs ... Rupert Axebanger Brookstanton ... but they don't seem to fit at all. Judging by that note, the person who stole the Horcrux knew Voldemort, and I can't find a shred of evidence that Bungs or Axebanger ever had anything to do with him ... no, actually, it's about ... well, Snape.'She looked nervous even saying the name again.'What about him?' asked Harry heavily, slumping back in his chair.'Well, it's just that I was sort of right about the Half-Blood Prince business,' she said tentatively.'D'you have to rub it in, Hermione? How tTyou think 1 feel about that now?''No - no - Harry, I didn't mean that!' she said hastily, look-ing around to check that they were not being overheard. 'It's just that 1 was right about Eileen Prince once owning the book. You see ... she was Snape's mother!'T thought she wasn't much of a looker,' said Ron. Hermione ignored him.'1 was going through ihe rest of the old Prophets and therewas a tiny announcement about Eileen Prince marrying a man called Tobias Snape, and then later an announcement saying that she'd given birth to a -''- murderer,' spat Harry.'Well ... yes,' said Hermione. 'So ... 1 was sort of right. Snape must have been proud of being half a Prince, you see? Tobias Snape was a Muggie from what it said in the Prophet''Yeah, that fits,' said Harry. 'He'd play up the pure-blood side so he could get in with Lucius Malfoy and the rest of them ... he's just like Voldemort. Pure-blood mother, Muggie father ... ashamed of his parentage, trying to make himself feared using the Dark Arts, gave himself an impressive new name - Lard Voldemort - the Half-Blood Prince - how could Dumbledore have missed -?'He broke off, looking out of the window. He could not stop himself dwelling upon Dumbledore's inexcusable trust in Snape ... but as Hermione had just inadvertently reminded him, he, Harry, had been taken in just the same ... in spite of the increasing nastiness of those scribbled spells, he had refused to believe ill of the boy who had been so clever, who had helped him so much ...Helped him ... it was an almost unendurable thought, now ...'I still don't get why he didn't turn you in for using that book,' said Ron. 'He must've known where you were getting it ali from.''He knew,' said Harry bitterly. 'He knew when I used Secfumsempra. He didn't really need Legilimency ... he might even have known before then, with Slughom talking about how brilliant I was at Potions ... shouldn't have left his old book in the bottom of that cupboard, should he?''But why didn't he turn you in?''I don't ihink he wanted to associate himself with that book,' said Hermione. 'I don't think Dumbledore would have liked it very much if he'd known. And even if Snape pre-tended it hadn't been his, Slughom would have recognised his writing at once. Anyway, the book was left in Snape's old classroom, and I'll bet Dumbledore knew his mother was called Prince.'T should've shown the book to Dumbledore,' said Harry. 'All that lime he was showing me how Voldemort was evil even when he was at school, and 1 had proof Snape was, too -''Evil is a strong word,' said Hermione quietly.'You were the one who kept telling me the book was dangerous!''I'm trying to say, Harry, that you're pulling too much blame on yourself. 1 thought the Prince seemed to have a nasty sense of humour, but I would never have guessed he was a potential killer ...''None of us could've guessed Snape would ... you know,' said Ron.Silence fell between them, each of them lost in their own thoughts, but Harry was sure that they, like him, were think-ing about the following morning, when Dumbledore's body would be laid to rest. Harry had never attended a funeral before	 there had been no body to bury when Sirius had died. He did not know what to expect and was a little worried about what he might see, about how he would feel. He won-dered whether Dumbledore's death would be more real to him once the funeral was over. Though he had moments when the horrible fact of it threatened to overwhelm him, there were blank stretches of numbness where, despite the fact that nobody was talking about anything else in the whole castle, he still found it difficult 10 believe that Dumbledorehad really gone. Admittedly he had not, as he had with Sirius, looked desperately for some kind of loophole, some way that Dumbledore would come back ... he felt in his pocket for the cold chain of the fake Horcrux, which he now carried with him everywhere, not as a talisman, but as a reminder of what it had cost and what remained still to do.Harry rose early to pack the next day	 the Hogwarts Express would be leaving an hour after the funeral. Down-stairs he found the mood in the Great Hall subdued. Every-body was wearing their dress robes and no one seemed very hungry. Professor McGonagall had left the thronelike chair in the middle of the staff table empty. Hagrid's chair was des-erted too: Harry thought thai perhaps he had not been able to face breakfast	 but Snape's place had been unceremoniously filled by Rufus Scrimgeour. Harry avoided his yellowish eyes as they scanned the Hall	 Harry had the uncomfortable feeling that Scrimgeour was looking for him. Among Scrimgeour's entourage Harry spotted the red hair and horn-rimmed glasses of Percy Weasley. Ron gave no sign that he was aware of Percy, apart from stabbing pieces of kipper with unwonted venom.Over at the Slytherin table Crabbe and Goyle were mutter-ing together. Hulking boys though they were, they looked oddly lonely without the tall, pale figure of Malfoy between them, bossing them around. Harry had not spared Malfoy much thought. His animosity was all for Snape, but he had not forgotten the fear in Malfoy's voice on that Tower top, northe fact that he had lowered his wand before the other Death Eaters arrived. Harry did not believe that Malfoy would have killed Dumbledore. He despised Malfoy still for his infatu-ation with the Dark Arts, but now the tiniest drop of pitymingled with his dislike. Where, Harry wondered, was Malfoy now, and what was Voldemort making him do under threat of killing him and his parents?Harry's thoughts were interrupted by a nudge in the ribs from Ginny. Professor McGonagall had risen to her feet and the mournful hum in the Hall died away at once.'It is nearly time,' she said. 'Please follow your Heads of House out into the grounds. Gryffindors, after me.'They filed out from behind their benches in near silence. Harry glimpsed Slughorn at the head of the Slytherin column, wearing magnificent long emerald-green robes embroidered with silver. He had never seen Professor Sprout, Head of the Hufflepuffs, looking so clean	 there was not a single patch on her hat, and when they reached the Entrance Hall, they found Madam Pince standing beside Filch, she in a thick black veil that fell to her knees, he in an ancient black suit and tie reek-ing of mothbails.They were heading, as Harry saw when he stepped out on to the stone steps from the front doors, towards the lake. The warmth of the sun caressed his face as they followed Professor McGonagall in silence to the place where hundreds of chairs had been set out in rows. An aisle ran down the centre of them: there was a marble table standing at the front, all chairs facing it. It was the most beautiful summer's day.An extraordinary assortment of people had already settled into half of the chairs: shabby and smart, old and young. Most Harry did not recognise, but there were a few that he did, including members of the Order of the Phoenix: Kingsley Shacklebolt, Mad-Eye Moody, Tonks, her hair miraculously returned to vividest pink, Remus Lupin, with whom she seemed to be holding hands, Mr and Mrs Weasley, Bill sup-ported by Fleur and followed by Fred and George, who were wearing jackets of black dragonskin. Then there was Madame Maxime, who took up two-and-a-half chairs on her own, Tom, the landlord of the Leaky Cauldron, Arabella Figg, Harry's Squib neighbour, the hairy bass player from thewizardmg group the Weird bisters, hrnie Frang, dnver ol the Knight Bus, Madam Malkin, of the robe shop in Diagon Alley, and some people whom Harry merely knew by sight, such as the barman of the Hog's Head and the witch who pushed the trolley on the Hogwarts Express. The castle ghosts were there too, barely visible in the bright sunlight, discernible only when they moved, shimmering insubstantially in the gleaming air.Harry, Ron, Hermione and Ginny filed into seats at the end of a row beside the lake. People were whispering to each other	 it sounded like a breeze in the grass, but the birdsong was louder by far. The crowd continued to swell	 with a great rush of affection for both of them, Harry saw Neville being helped into a seat by Luna. They alone of all the DA had responded to Hermione's summons the night that Dumbledore had died, and Harry knew why: they were the ones who had missed the DA most ... probably the ones who had checked their coins regularly in the hope that there would be another meeting ...Cornelius Fudge walked past them towards the front rows, his expression miserable, twirling his green bowler hat as usual	 Harry next recognised Rita Skeeter, who, he was infuri-ated to see, had a notebook clutched in her red-takmed hand
Deathly Hallows=The two men appeared out of nowhere, a few yards apart in the narrow, moonlit lane. For a second they stood quite still, wands directed at each other's chests	 then, recognizing each other, they stowed their wands beneath their cloaks and started walking briskly in the same direction.News? asked the taller of the two.The best, replied Severus Snape.The lane was bordered on the left by wild, low-growing brambles, on the right by a high, neatly manicured hedge. The men's long cloaks flapped around their ankles as they marched.Thought I might be late, said Yaxley, his blunt features sliding in and out of sight as the branches of overhanging trees broke the moonlight. It was a little trickier than I expected. But I hope he will be satisfied. You sound confident that your reception will be good?Snape nodded, but did not elaborate. They turned right, into a wide driveway that led off the lane. The high hedge curved into them, running off into the distance beyond the pair of imposing wrought-iron gates barring the men's way. Neither of them broke step: In silence both raised their left arms in a kind of salute and passed straight through, as though the dark metal was smoke.The yew hedges muffled the sound of the men's footsteps. There was a rustle somewhere to their right: Yaxley drew his wand again pointing it over his companion's head, but the source of the noise proved to be nothing more than a pure-white peacock, strutting majestically along the top of the hedge.He always did himself well, Lucius. Peacocks ... Yaxley thrust his wand back under his cloak with a snort.A handsome manor house grew out of the darkness at the end of the straight drive, lights glinting in the diamond paned downstairs windows. Somewhere in the dark garden beyond the hedge a fountain was playing. Gravel crackled beneath their feet as Snape and Yaxley sped toward the front door, which swung inward at their approach, though nobody had visibly opened it.The hallway was large, dimly lit, and sumptuously decorated, with a magnificent carpet covering most of the stone floor. The eyes of the pale-faced portraits on the wall followed Snape and Yaxley as they strode past. The two men halted at a heavy wooden door leading into the next room, hesitated for the space of a heartbeat, then Snape turned the bronze handle.The drawing room was full of silent people, sitting at a long and ornate table. The room's usual furniture had been pushed carelessly up against the walls. Illumination came from a roaring fire beneath a handsome marble mantelpiece surmounted by a gilded mirror. Snape and Yaxley lingered for a moment on the threshold. As their eyes grew accustomed to the lack of light, they were drawn upward to the strangest feature of the scene: an apparently unconscious human figure hanging upside down over the table, revolving slowly as if suspended by an invisible rope, and reflected in the mirror and in the bare, polished surface of the table below. None of the people seated underneath this singular sight were looking at it except for a pale young man sitting almost directly below it. He seemed unable to prevent himself from glancing upward every minute or so.Yaxley. Snape, said a high, clear voice from the head of the table. You are very nearly late.The speaker was seated directly in front of the fireplace, so that it was difficult, at first, for the new arrivals to make out more than his silhouette. As they drew nearer, however, his face shone through the gloom, hairless, snakelike, with slits for nostrils and gleaming red eyes whose pupils were vertical. He was so pale that he seemed to emit a pearly glow.Severus, here, said Voldemort, indicating the seat on his immediate right. Yaxley C beside Dolohov.The two men took their allotted places. Most of the eyes around the table followed Snape, and it was to him that Voldemort spoke first.So?My Lord, the Order of the Phoenix intends to move Harry Potter from his current place of safety on Saturday next, at nightfall.The interest around the table sharpened palpably: Some stiffened, others fidgeted, all gazing at Snape and Voldemort.Saturday ... at nightfall, repeated Voldemort. His red eyes fastened upon Snape's black ones with such intensity that some of the watchers looked away, apparently fearful that they themselves would be scorched by the ferocity of the gaze. Snape, however, looked calmly back into Voldemort's face and, after a moment or two, Voldemort's lipless mouth curved into something like a smile.Good. Very good. And this information comes C  C from the source we discussed, said Snape.My Lord.Yaxley had leaned forward to look down the long table at Voldemort and Snape. All faces turned to him.My Lord, I have heard differently.Yaxley waited, but Voldemort did not speak, so he went on, Dawlish, the Auror, let slip that Potter will not be moved until the thirtieth, the night before the boy turns seventeen.Snape was smiling.My source told me that there are plans to lay a false trail	 this must be it. No doubt a Confundus Charm has been placed upon Dawlish. It would not be the first time	 he is known to be susceptible.I assure you, my Lord, Dawlish seemed quite certain, said Yaxley.If he has been Confunded, naturally he is certain, said Snape. I assure you, Yaxley, the Auror Office will play no further part in the protection of Harry Potter. The Order believes that we have infiltrated the Ministry.The Order's got one thing right, then, eh? said a squat man sitting a short distance from Yaxley	 he gave a wheezy giggle that was echoed here and there along the table.Voldemort did not laugh. His gaze had wandered upward to the body revolving slowly overhead, and he seemed to be lost in thought.My Lord, Yaxley went on, Dawlish believes an entire party of Aurors will be used to transfer the boy C Voldemort held up a large white hand, and Yaxley subsided at once, watching resentfully as Voldemort turned back to Snape.Where are they going to hide the boy next?At the home of one of the Order, said Snape. The place, according to the source, has been given every protection that the Order and Ministry together could provide. I think that there is little chance of taking him once he is there, my Lord, unless, of course, the Ministry has fallen before next Saturday, which might give us the opportunity to discover and undo enough of the enchantments to break through the rest.Well, Yaxley? Voldemort called down the table, the firelight glinting strangely in his red eyes. Will the Ministry have fallen by next Saturday?Once again, all heads turned. Yaxley squared his shoulders.My Lord, I have good news on that score. I have C with difficulty, and after great effort C succeeded in placing an Imperius Curse upon Pius Thicknesse.Many of those sitting around Yaxley looked impressed	 his neighbor, Dolohov, a man with a long, twisted face, clapped him on the back.It is a start, said Voldemort. But Thicknesse is only one man. Scrimgeour must be surrounded by our people before I act. One failed attempt on the Minister's life will set me back a long way.Yes C my Lord, that is true C but you know, as Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, Thicknesse has regular contact not only with the Minister himself, but also with the Heads of all the other Ministry departments. It will, I think, be easy now that we have such a high-ranking official under our control, to subjugate the others, and then they can all work together to bring Scrimgeour down.As long as our friend Thicknesse is not discovered before he has converted the rest, said Voldemort. At any rate, it remains unlikely that the Ministry will be mine before next Saturday. If we cannot touch the boy at his destination, then it must be done while he travels.We are at an advantage there, my Lord, said Yaxley, who seemed determined to receive some portion of approval. We now have several people planted within the Department of Magical Transport. If Potter Apparates or uses the Floo Network, we shall know immediately.He will not do either, said Snape. The Order is eschewing any form of transport that is controlled or regulated by the Ministry	 they mistrust everything to do with the place.All the better, said Voldemort. He will have to move in the open. Easier to take, by far.Again, Voldemort looked up at the slowly revolving body as he went on, I shall attend to the boy in person. There have been too many mistakes where Harry Potter is concerned. Some of them have been my own. That Potter lives is due more to my errors than to his triumphs.The company around the table watched Voldemort apprehensively, each of them, by his or her expression, afraid that they might be blamed for Harry Potter's continued existence. Voldemort, however, seemed to be speaking more to himself than to any of them, still addressing the unconscious body above him.I have been careless, and so have been thwarted by luck and chance, those wreckers of all but the best-laid plans. But I know better now. I understand those things that I did not understand before. I must be the one to kill Harry Potter, and I shall be.At these words, seemingly in response to them, a sudden wail sounded, a terrible, drawn-out cry of misery and pain. Many of those at the table looked downward, startled, for the sound had seemed to issue from below their feet.Wormtail, said Voldemort, with no change in his quiet, thoughtful tone, and without removing his eyes from the revolving body above, have I not spoken to you about keeping our prisoner quiet?Yes, m-my Lord, gasped a small man halfway down the table, who had been sitting so low in his chair that it appeared, at first glance, to be unoccupied. Now he scrambled from his seat and scurried from the room, leaving nothing behind him but a curious gleam of silver.As I was saying, continued Voldemort, looking again at the tense faces of his followers, I understand better now. I shall need, for instance, to borrow a wand from one of you before I go to kill Potter.The faces around him displayed nothing but shock	 he might have announced that he wanted to borrow one of their arms.No volunteers? said Voldemort. Let's see ... Lucius, I see no reason for you to have a wand anymore.Lucius Malfoy looked up. His skin appeared yellowish and waxy in the firelight, and his eyes were sunken and shadowed. When he spoke, his voice was hoarse.My Lord?Your wand, Lucius. I require your wand.I ...Malfoy glanced sideways at his wife. She was staring straight ahead, quite as pale as he was, her long blonde hair hanging down her back, but beneath the table her slim fingers closed briefly on his wrist. At her touch, Malfoy put his hand into his robes, withdrew a wand, and passed it along to Voldemort, who held it up in front of his red eyes, examining it closely.What is it?Elm, my Lord, whispered Malfoy.And the core?Dragon C dragon heartstring.Good, said Voldemort. He drew out his wand and compared the lengths. Lucius Malfoy made an involuntary movement	 for a fraction of a second, it seemed he expected to receive Voldemort's wand in exchange for his own. The gesture was not missed by Voldemort, whose eyes widened maliciously.Give you my wand, Lucius? My wand?Some of the throng sniggered.I have given you your liberty, Lucius, is that not enough for you? But I have noticed that you and your family seem less than happy of late ... What is it about my presence in your home that displaces you, Lucius?Nothing C nothing, my Lord!Such lies Lucius ... The soft voice seemed to hiss on even after the cruel mouth had stopped moving. One or two of the wizards barely repressed a shudder as the hissing grew louder	 something heavy could be heard sliding across the floor beneath the table.The huge snake emerged to climb slowly up Voldemort's chair. It rose, seemingly endlessly, and came to rest across Voldemort's shoulders: its neck the thickness of a man's thigh	 its eyes, with their vertical slits for pupils, unblinking. Voldemort stroked the creature absently with long thin fingers, still looking at Lucius Malfoy.Why do the Malfoys look so unhappy with their lot? Is my return, my rise to power, not the very thing they professed to desire for so many years?Of course, my Lord, said Lucius Malfoy. His hand shook as he wiped sweat from his upper lip. We did desire it C we do.To Malfoy's left, his wife made an odd, stiff nod, her eyes averted from Voldemort and the snake. To his right, his son, Draco, who had been gazing up at the inert body overhead, glanced quickly at Voldemort and away again, terrified to make eye contact.My Lord, said a dark woman halfway down the table, her voice constricted with emotion, it is an honor to have you here, in our family's house. There can be no higher pleasure.She sat beside her sister, as unlike her in looks, with her dark hair and heavily lidded eyes, as she was in bearing and demeanor	 where Narcissa sat rigid and impassive, Bellatrix leaned toward Voldemort, for mere words could not demonstrate her longing for closeness.No higher pleasure, repeated Voldemort, his head tilted a little to one side as he considered Bellatrix. That means a great deal, Bellatrix, from you.Her face flooded with color	 her eyes welled with tears of delight.My Lord knows I speak nothing but the truth!No higher pleasure ... even compared with the happy event that, I hear, has taken place in your family this week?She stared at him, her lips parted, evidently confused.I don't know what you mean, my Lord.I'm talking about your niece, Bellatrix. And yours, Lucius and Narcissa. She has just married the werewolf, Remus Lupin. You must be so proud.There was an eruption of jeering laughter from around the table. Many leaned forward to exchange gleeful looks	 a few thumped the table with their fists. The giant snake, disliking the disturbance, opened its mouth wide and hissed angrily, but the Death Eaters did not hear it, so jubilant were they at Bellatrix and the Malfoys' humiliation. Bellatrix's face, so recently flushed with happiness, had turned an ugly, blotchy red.She is no niece of ours, my Lord, she cried over the outpouring of mirth. We C Narcissa and I C have never set eyes on our sister since she married the Mudblood. This brat has nothing to do with either of us, nor any beast she marries.What say you, Draco? asked Voldemort, and though his voice was quiet, it carried clearly through the catcalls and jeers. Will you babysit the cubs?The hilarity mounted
Deathly Hallows=Harry was bleeding. Clutching his right hand in his left and swearing under his breath, he shouldered open his bedroom door. There was a crunch of breaking china. He had trodden on a cup of cold tea that had been sitting on the floor outside his bedroom door.What the C?He looked around, the landing of number four, Privet Drive, was deserted. Possibly the cup of tea was Dudley's idea of a clever booby trap. Keeping his bleeding hand elevated, Harry scraped the fragments of cup together with the other hand and threw them into the already crammed bin just visible inside his bedroom door. Then he tramped across to the bathroom to run his finger under the tap.It was stupid, pointless, irritating beyond belief that he still had four days left of being unable to perform magic...but he had to admit to himself that this jagged cut in his finger would have defeated him. He had never learned how to repair wounds, and now he came to think of it C particularly in light of his immediate plans C this seemed a serious flaw in his magical education. Making a mental note to ask Hermione how it was done, he used a large wad of toilet paper to mop up as much of the tea as he could before returning to his bedroom and slamming the door behind him.Harry had spent the morning completely emptying his school trunk for the first time since he had packed it six years ago. At the start of the intervening school years, he had merely skimmed off the topmost three quarters of the contents and replaced or updated them, leaving a layer of general debris at the bottom C old quills, desiccated beetle eyes, single socks that no longer fit. Minutes previously, Harry had plunged his hand into this mulch, experienced a stabbing pain in the fourth finger of his right hand, and withdrawn it to see a lot of blood.He now proceeded a little more cautiously. Kneeling down beside the trunk again, he groped around in the bottom and, after retrieving an old badge that flickered feebly between SUPPORT CEDRIC DIGGORY and POTTER STINKS, a cracked and worn-out Sneakoscope, and a gold locket inside which a note signed R.A.B. had been hidden, he finally discovered the sharp edge that had done the damage. He recognized it at once. It was a two-inch-long fragment of the enchanted mirror that his dead godfather, Sirius, had given him. Harry laid it aside and felt cautiously around the trunk for the rest, but nothing more remained of his godfather's last gift except powdered glass, which clung to the deepest layer of debris like glittering grit.Harry sat up and examined the jagged piece on which he had cut himself, seeing nothing but his own bright green eye reflected back at him. Then he placed the fragment on top of that morning's Daily prophet, which lay unread on the bed, and attempted to stem the sudden upsurge of bitter memories, the stabs of regret and of longing the discovery of the broken mirror had occasioned, by attacking the rest of the rubbish in the trunk.It took another hour to empty it completely, throw away the useless items, and sort the remainder in piles according to whether or not he would need them from now on. His school and Quidditch robes, cauldron, parchment, quills, and most of his textbooks were piled in a corner, to be left behind. He wondered what his aunt and uncle would do with them	 burn them in the dead of night, probably, as if they were evidence of some dreadful crime. His Muggle clothing, Invisibility Cloak, potion-making kit, certain books, the photograph album Hagrid had once given him, a stack of letters, and his wand had been repacked into an old rucksack. In a front pocket were the Marauder's Map and the locket with the note signed R.A.B. inside it. The locket was accorded this place of honor not because it was valuable C in all usual senses it was worthless C but because of what it had cost to attain it.This left a sizable stack of newspapers sitting on his desk beside his snowy owl, Hedwig: one for each of the days Harry had spent at Privet Drive this summer.He got up off the floor, stretched, and moved across to his desk. Hedwig made no movement as he began to flick through newspapers, throwing them into the rubbish pile one by one. The owl was asleep or else faking	 she was angry with Harry about the limited amount of time she was allowed out of her cage at the moment.As he neared the bottom of the pile of newspapers, Harry slowed down, searching for one particular issue that he knew had arrived shortly after he had returned to Privet Drive for the summer	 he remembered that there had been a small mention on the front about the resignation of Charity Burbage, the Muggle Studies teacher at Hogwarts. At last he found it. Turning to page ten, he sank into his desk chair and reread the article he had been looking for.ALBUS DUMBLEDORE REMEMBEREDBy Elphias DogeI met Albus Dumbledore at the age of eleven, on our first day at Hogwarts. Our mutual attraction was undoubtedly due to the fact that we both felt ourselves to be outsiders. I had contracted dragon pox shortly before arriving at school, and while I was no longer contagious, my pock-marked visage and greenish hue did not encourage many to approach me. For his part, Albus had arrived at Hogwarts under the burden of unwanted notoriety. Scarcely a year previously, his father, Percival, had been convicted of a savage and well-publicized attack upon three young Muggles.Albus never attempted to deny that his father (who was to die in Azkaban) had committed this crime	 on the contrary, when I plucked up courage to ask him, he assured me that he knew his father to be guilty. Beyond that, Dumbledore refused to speak of the sad business, though many attempted to make him do so. Some, indeed, were disposed to praise his father's action and assumed that Albus too was a Muggle-hater. They could not have been more mistaken: As anybody who knew Albus would attest, he never revealed the remotest anti-Muggle tendency. Indeed, his determined support for Muggle rights gained him many enemies in subsequent years.In a matter of months, however, Albus's own fame had begun to eclipse that of his father. By the end of his first year he would never again be known as the son of a Muggle-hater, but as nothing more or less than the most brilliant student ever seen at the school. Those of us who were privileged to be his friends benefited from his example, not to mention his help and encouragement, with which he was always generous. He confessed to me later in life that he knew even then that his greatest pleasure lay in teaching.He not only won every prize of note that the school offered, he was soon in regular correspondence with the most notable magical names of the day, including Nicolas Flamel, the celebrated alchemist	 Bathilda Bagshot, the noted historian	 and Adalbert Waffling, the magical theoretician. Several of his papers found their way into learned publications such as Transfiguration Today, Challenges in Charming, and The Practical Potioneer. Dumbledore's future career seemed likely to be meteoric, and the only question that remained was when he would become Minister of Magic. Though it was often predicted in later years that he was on the point of taking the job, however, he never had Ministerial ambitions.Three years after we had started at Hogwarts, Albus's brother, Aberforth, arrived at school. They were not alike: Aberforth was never bookish and, unlike Albus, preferred to settle arguments by dueling rather than through reasoned discussion. However, it is quite wrong to suggest, as some have, that the brothers were not friends. They rubbed along as comfortably as two such different boys could do. In fairness to Aberforth, it must be admitted that living in Albus's shadow cannot have been an altogether comfortable experience. Being continually outshone was an occupational hazard of being his friend and cannot have been any more pleasurable as a brother. When Albus and I left Hogwarts we intended to take the then-traditional tour of the world together, visiting and observing foreign wizards, before pursuing our separate careers. However, tragedy intervened. On the very eve of our trip, Albus's mother, Kendra, died, leaving Albus the head, and sole breadwinner, of the family. I postponed my departure long enough to pay my respects at Kendra's funeral, then left for what was now to be a solitary journey. With a younger brother and sister to care for, and little gold left to them, there could no longer be any question of Albus accompanying me.That was the period of our lives when we had least contact. I wrote to Albus, describing, perhaps insensitively, the wonders of my journey, from narrow escapes from chimaeras in Greece to the experiments of the Egyptian alchemists. His letters told me little of his day-to-day life, which I guessed to be frustratingly dull for such a brilliant wizard. Immersed in my own experiences, it was with horror that I heard, toward the end of my year's travels, that another tragedy had struck the Dumbledores: the death of his sister, Ariana.Though Ariana had been in poor health for a long time, the blow, coming so soon after the loss of their mother, had a profound effect on both of her brothers. All those closest to Albus C and I count myself one of that lucky number C agree that Ariana's death, and Albus's feeling of personal responsibility for it (though, of course, he was guiltless), left their mark upon him forevermore.I returned home to find a young man who had experienced a much older person's suffering. Albus was more reserved than before, and much less light-hearted. To add to his misery, the loss of Ariana had led, not to a renewed closeness between Albus and Aberforth, but to an estrangement. (In time this would lift C in later years they reestablished, if not a close relationship, then certainly a cordial one.) However, he rarely spoke of his parents or of Ariana from then on, and his friends learned not to mention them.Other quills will describe the triumphs of the following years. Dumbledore's innumerable contributions to the store of Wizarding knowledge, including his discovery of the twelve uses of dragon's blood, will benefit generations to come, as will the wisdom he displayed in the many judgments while Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot. They say, still, that no Wizarding duel ever matched that between Dumbledore and Grindelwald in 1945. Those who witnessed it have written of the terror and the awe they felt as they watched these two extraordinary wizards to battle. Dumbledore's triumph, and its consequences for the Wizarding world, are considered a turning point in magical history to match the introduction of the International Statute of Secrecy or the downfall of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named.Albus Dumbledore was never proud or vain	 he could find something to value in anyone, however apparently insignificant or wretched, and I believe that his early losses endowed him with great humanity and sympathy. I shall miss his friendship more than I can say, but my loss is nothing compared to the Wizarding world's. That he was the most inspiring and best loved of all Hogwarts headmasters cannot be in question. He died as he lived: working always for the greater good and, to his last hour, as willing to stretch out a hand to a small boy with dragon pox as he was on the day I met him.Harry finished reading, but continued to gaze at the picture accompanying the obituary. Dumbledore was wearing his familiar, kindly smile, but as he peered over the top of his half-moon spectacles, he gave the impression, even in newsprint, of X-raying Harry, whose sadness mingled with a sense of humiliation.He had thought he knew Dumbledore quite well, but ever since reading this obituary he had been forced to recognize that he had barely known him at all. Never once had he imagined Dumbledore's childhood or youth	 it was as though he had sprung into being as Harry had known him, venerable and silver-haired and old. The idea of a teenage Dumbledore was simply odd, like trying to imagine a stupid Hermione or a friendly Blast-Ended Skrewt.He had never thought to ask Dumbledore about his past. No doubt it would have felt strange, impertinent even, but after all it had been common knowledge that Dumbledore had taken part in that legendary duel with Grindelwald, and Harry had not thought to ask Dumbledore what that had been like, nor about any of his other famous achievements. No, they had always discussed Harry, Harry's past, Harry's future, Harry's plans... and it seemed to Harry now, despite the fact that his future was so dangerous and so uncertain, that he had missed irreplaceable opportunities when he had failed to ask Dumbledore more about himself, even though the only personal question he had ever asked his headmaster was also the only one he suspected that Dumbledore had not answered honestly:What do you see when you look in the mirror?I? I see myself holding a pair of thick, woolen socks.After several minutes' thought, Harry tore the obituary out of the Prophet, folded it carefully, and tucked it inside the first volume of Practical Defensive Magic and its Use against the Dark Arts. Then he threw the rest of the newspaper onto the rubbish pile and turned to face the room. It was much tidier. The only things left out of place were today's Daily Prophet, still lying on the bed, and on top of it, the piece of broken mirror.Harry moved across the room, slid the mirror fragment off today's Prophet, and unfolded the newspaper. He had merely glanced at the headline when he had taken the rolled-up paper from the delivery owl early that morning and thrown it aside, after noting that it said nothing about Voldemort. Harry was sure that the Ministry was leaning on the Prophet to suppress news about Voldemort. It was only now, therefore, that he saw what he had missed.Across the bottom half of the front page a smaller headline was set over a picture of Dumbledore striding along, looking harried:DUMBLEDORE C THE TRUTH AT LAST?Coming next week, the shocking story of the flawed genius considered by many to be the greatest wizard of his generation. Striping away the popular image of serene, silver-bearded wisdom, Rita Skeeter reveals the disturbed childhood, the lawless youth, the life-long feuds, and the guilty secrets that Dumbledore carried to his grave, WHY was the man tipped to be the Minister of Magic content to remain a mere headmaster? WHAT was the real purpose of the secret organization known as the Order of the Phoenix? HOW did Dumbledore really meet his end?The answers to these and many more questions are explored in the explosive new biography, The Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore, by Rita Skeeter, exclusively interviewed by Berry Braithwaite, page 13, inside.Harry ripped open the paper and found page thirteen. The article was topped with a picture showing another familiar face: a woman wearing jeweled glasses with elaborately curled blonde hair, her teeth bared in what was clearly supposed to be a winning smile, wiggling her fingers up at him. Doing his best to ignore this nauseating image, Harry read on.In person, Rita Skeeter is much warmer and softer than her famously ferocious quill-portraits might suggest. Greeting me in the hallway of her cozy home, she leads me straight into the kitchen for a cup of tea, a slice of pound cake and, it goes without saying, a steaming vat of freshest gossip.Well, of course, Dumbledore is a biographer's dream, says Skeeter. Such a long, full life. I'm sure my book will be the first of very, very many.Skeeter was certainly quick off the mark. Her nine-hundred-page book was completed in a mere four weeks after Dumbledore's mysterious death in June. I ask her how she managed this superfast feat.Oh, when you've been a journalist as long as I have, working to a deadline is second nature. I knew that the Wizarding world was clamoring for the full story and I wanted to be the first to meet that need.I mention the recent, widely publicized remarks of Elphias Doge, Special Advisor to the Wizengamot and longstanding friend of Albus Dumbledore's, that Skeeter's book contains less fact than a Chocolate Frog card.Skeeter throws back her head and laughs.Darling Dodgy! I remember interviewing him a few years back about merpeople rights, bless him. Completely gaga, seemed to think we were sitting at the bottom of Lake Windermere, kept telling me to watch out for trout.And yet Elphias Doge's accusations of inaccuracy have been echoed in many places. Does Skeeter really feel that four short weeks have been enough to gain a full picture of Dumbledore's long and extraordinary life?Oh, my dear, beams Skeeter, rapping me affectionately across the knuckles, you know as well as I do how much information can be generated by a fat bag of Galleons, a refusal to hear the word 'no,' and a nice sharp Quick-Quotes Quill! People were queuing to dish the dirt on Dumbledore anyway. Not everyone thought he was so wonderful, you know C he trod on an awful lot of important toes. But old Dodgy Doge can get off his high hippogriff, because I've had access to a source most journalists would swap their wands for, one who has never spoken in public before and who was close to Dumbledore during the most turbulent and disturbing phase of his youth.The advance publicity for Skeeter's biography has certainly suggested that there will be shocks in store for those who believe Dumbledore to have led a blameless life. What were the biggest surprises she uncovered, I ask?Now, come off it. Betty, I'm not giving away all the highlights before anybody's bought the book! laughs Skeeter. But I can promise that anybody who still thinks Dumbledore was white as his beard is in for a rude awakening! Let's just say that nobody hearing him rage against You-Know-Who would have dreamed that he dabbled in the Dark Arts himself in his youth! And for a wizard who spent his later years pleading for tolerance, he wasn't exactly broad-minded when he was younger! Yes, Albus Dumbledore had an extremely murky past, not to mention that very fishy family, which he worked so hard to keep hushed up.I ask whether Skeeter is referring to Dumbledore's brother, Aberforth, whose conviction by the Wizengamot for misuse of magic caused a minor scandal fifteen years ago.Oh, Aberforth is just the tip of the dung heap, laughs Skeeter. No, no, I'm talking about much worse than a brother with a fondness for fiddling about with goats, worse even than the Muggle-maiming father C Dumbledore couldn't keep either of them quiet anyway, they were both charged by the Wizengamot. No, it's the mother and the sister that intrigued me, and a little digging uncovered a positive nest of nastiness C but, as I say, you'll have to wait for chapters nine to twelve for full details. All I can say now is, it's no wonder Dumbledore never talked about how his nose got broken.Family skeletons notwithstanding, does Skeeter deny the brilliance that led to Dumbledore's many magical discoveries?He had brains, she concedes, although many now question whether he could really take full credit for all of his supposed achievements. As I reveal in chapter sixteen, Ivor Dillonsby claims he had already discovered eight uses of dragon's blood when Dumbledore 'borrowed' his papers.But the importance of some of Dumbledore's achievements cannot, I venture, be denied. What of his famous defeat of Grindelwald?Oh, now, I'm glad you mentioned Grindelwald, says Skeeter with such a tantalizing smile. I'm afraid those who go dewy-eyed over Dumbledore's spectacular victory must brace themselves for a bombshell C or perhaps a Dungbomb. Very dirty business indeed. All I'll say is, don't be so sure that there really was a spectacular duel of legend. After they've read my book, people may be forced to conclude that Grindelwald simply conjured a white handkerchief from the end of his wand and came quietly!Skeeter refuses to give any more away on this intriguing subject, so we turn instead to the relationship that will undoubtedly fascinate her readers more than any other.Oh yes, says Skeeter, nodding briskly, I devote an entire chapter to the whole Potter-Dumbledore relationship. It's been called unhealthy, even sinister. Again, your readers will have to buy my book for the whole story, but there is no question that Dumbledore took an unnatural interest in Potter from the word go. Whether that was really in the boy's best interests C well, we'll see. It's certainly an open secret that Potter has had a most troubled adolescence.I ask whether Skeeter is still in touch with Harry Potter, whom she so famously interviewed last year: a breakthrough piece in which Potter spoke exclusively of his conviction that You-Know-Who had returned.Oh, yes, we've developed a closer bond, says Skeeter. Poor Potter has few real friends, and we met at one of the most testing moments of his life C the Triwizard Tournament. I am probably one of the only people alive who can say that they know the real Harry Potter.Which leads us neatly to the many rumors still circulating about Dumbledore's final hours. Does Skeeter believe that Potter was there when Dumbledore died?Well, I don't want to say too much C it's all in the book C but eyewitnesses inside Hogwarts castle saw Potter running away from the scene moments after Dumbledore fell, jumped, or was pushed. Potter later gave evidence against Severus Snape, a man against whom he has a notorious grudge. Is everything as it seems? That is for the Wizarding community to decide C once they've read my book.On that intriguing note, I take my leave. There can be no doubt that Skeeter has quilled an instant bestseller. Dumbledore's legion of admirers, meanwhile, may well be trembling at what is soon to emerge about their hero.Harry reached the bottom of the article, but continued to stare blankly at the page. Revulsion and fury rose in him like vomit	 he balled up the newspaper and threw it, with all his force, at the wall, where it joined the rest of the rubbish heaped around his overflowing bin.He began to stride blindly around the room, opening empty drawers and picking up books only to replace them on the same piles, barely conscious of what he was doing, as random phrases from Rita's article echoed in his head: An entire chapter to the whole Potter-Dumbledore relationship... It's been called unhealthy, even sinister... He dabbled in the Dark Arts himself in his youth... I've had access to a source most journalists would swap their wands for...Lies! Harry bellowed, and through the window he saw the next-door neighbor, who had paused to restart his lawn mower, look up nervously.Harry sat down hard on the bed. The broken bit of mirror danced away from him	 he picked it up and turned it over in his fingers, thinking, thinking of Dumbledore and the lies with which Rita Skeeter was defaming him...A flash of brightest blue. Harry froze, his cut finger slipping on the jagged edge of the mirror again. He had imagined it, he must have done. He glanced over his shoulder, but the wall was a sickly peach color of Aunt Petunia's choosing: There was nothing blue there for the mirror to reflect. He peered into the mirror fragment again, and saw nothing but his own bright green eye looking back at him.He had imagined it, there was no other explanation	 imagined it, because he had been thinking of his dead headmaster. If anything was certain, it was that the bright blue eyes of Albus Dumbledore would never pierce him again.,165,Deathly Hallows,2		
Deathly Hallows=The sound of the front door slamming echoed up the stairs and a voice roared, Oh! You!Sixteen years of being addressed thus left Harry in no doubt when his uncle was calling, nevertheless, he did not immediately respond. He was still at the narrow fragment in which, for a split second, he had thought he saw Dumbledore's eye. It was not until his uncle bellowed, BOY! that Harry got slowly out of bed and headed for the bedroom door, pausing to add the piece of broken mirror to the rucksack filled with things he would be taking with him.You took you time! roared Vernon Dursley when Harry appeared at the top of the stairs, Get down here. I want a word!Harry strolled downstairs, his hands deep in his pants pockets. When he searched the living room he found all three Dursleys. They were dressed for packing	 Uncle Vernon in an old ripped-up jacket and Dudley, Harry's, large, blond, muscular cousin, in his leather jacket.Yes? asked Harry.Sit down! said Uncle Vernon. Harry raised his eyebrows. Please! added Uncle Vernon, wincing slightly as though the word was sharp in his throat. Harry sat. He thought he knew what was coming. His uncle began to pace up and down, Aunt Petunia and Dudley, following his movement with anxious expressions. Finally, his large purple face crumpled with concentration. Uncle Vernon stopped in front of Harry and spoke.I've changed my mind, he said.What a surprise, said Harry.Don't you take that tone C  began Aunt Petunia in a shrill voice, but Vernon Dursley waved her down It's all a lot of claptrap, said Uncle Vernon, glaring at Harry with piggy little eyes. I've decided I don't believe a word of it. We're staying put, we're not going anywhere.Harry looked up at his uncle and felt a mixture of exasperation and amusement. Vernon Dursley had been changing his mind every twenty four hours for the past four weeks, packing and unpacking and repacking the car with every change of heart. Harry's favorite moment had been the one when Uncle Vernon, unaware that Dudley had added his dumbbells to his case since the last time it been repacked, had attempted to hoist it back into the boot and collapsed with a yelp of pain and much swearing.According to you, Vernon Dursley said, now resuming his pacing up and down the living room, we C Petunia, Dudley, and I C are in danger. From C from C Some of 'my lot' right? said Harry. Well I don't believe it, repeated Uncle Vernon, coming to a halt in front of Harry again. I was awake half the night thinking it all over, and I believe it's a plot to get the house.The house? repeated Harry. What house?This house! shrieked Uncle Vernon, the vein his forehead starting to pulse. Our house! House prices are skyrocketing around here! You want us out of the way and then you're going to do a bit of hocus pocus and before we know it the deeds will be in your name and C Are you out of your mind? demanded Harry. A plot to get this house? Are you actually as stupid as you look?Don't you dare C! squealed Aunt Petunia, but again Vernon waved her down. Slights on his personal appearance were it seemed as nothing to the danger he had spotted.Just in case you've forgotten, said Harry, I've already got a house my godfather left me one. So why would I want this one? All the happy memories?There was silence. Harry thought he had rather impressed his uncle with this argument.You claim, said Uncle Vernon, starting to pace yet again, that this Lord Thing C  C Voldemort, said Harry impatiently, and we've been through this about a hundred times already. This isn't a claim, it's fact. Dumbledore told you last year, and Kingsley and Mr. Weasley C Vernon Dursley hunched his shoulders angrily, and Harry guessed that his uncle was attempting to ward off recollections of the unannounced visit, a few days into Harry's summer holidays, of two fully grown wizards. The arrival on the doorstep of Kingsley Shacklebolt and Arthur Weasley had come as a most unpleasant shock to the Dursleys. Harry had to admit, however that as Mr. Weasley had once demolished half of the living room, his reappearance could not have been expected to delight Uncle Vernon. C Kingsley and Mr. Weasley explained it all as well, Harry pressed on remorselessly, Once I'm seventeen, the protective charm that keeps me safe will break, and that exposes you as well as me. The Order is sure Voldemort will target you, whether to torture you to try and find out where I am, or because he thinks by holding you hostage I'd come and try to rescue you.Uncle Vernon's and Harry's eyes met. Harry was sure that in that instant they were both wondering the same thing. Then Uncle Vernon walked on and Harry resumed, You've got to go into hiding and the Order wants to help. You're being offered serious protection, the best there is.Uncle Vernon said nothing but continued to pace up and down. Outside the sun hung low over the privet hedges. The next door neighbor's lawn mower stalled again.I thought there was a Ministry of Magic? asked Vernon Dursley abruptly.There is, said Harry, surprised. Well, then, why can't they protect us? It seems to me that, as innocent victims, guilty of nothing more than harboring a marked man, we ought to qualify for government protection!Harry laughed	 he could not help himself. It was so very typical of his uncle to put his hopes in the establishment, even within this world that he despised and mistrusted. You heard what Mr. Weasley and Kingsley said, Harry replied. We think the Ministry has been infiltrated.Uncle Vernon strode back to the fireplace and back breathing so strongly that his great black mustache rippled his face still purple with concentration.All right, he said. Stopping in front of Harry get again. All right, let's say for the sake of argument we accept this protection. I still don't see why we can't have that Kingsley bloke.Harry managed not to roll his eyes, but with difficulty. This question had also been addressed half a dozen times.As I've told you, he said through gritted teeth, Kingsley is protecting the Mug C I mean, your Prime Minister.Exactly C he's the best! said Uncle Vernon, pointing at the blank television screen. The Dursleys had spotted Kingsley on the news, walking along the Muggle Prime Minister as he visited a hospital. This, and the fact that Kingsley had mastered the knack of dressing like a Muggle, not to mention a certain reassuring something in his slow, deep voice, had caused the Dursleys to take to Kingsley in a way that they had certainly not done with any other wizard, although it was true that they had never seen him with earring in.Well, he's taken, said Harry. But Hestia Jones and Dedalus Diggle are more than up to the job C If we'd even seen CVs... began Uncle Vernon, but Harry lost patience. Getting to his feet, he advanced on his uncle, not pointing at the TV set himself.These accidents aren't accidents C the crashed and explosions and derailments and whatever else has happened since we last watched the news. People are disappearing and dying and he's behind it C Voldemort. I've told you this over and over again, he kills Muggles for fun. Even the fogs C they're caused by dementors, and if you can't remember what they are, ask your son!Dudley's hands jerked upward to tower his mouth. With his parents' and Harry's eyes upon him, he slowly lowered them again and asked, There are... more of them?More? laughed Harry. More than the two that attacked us, you mean? Of course there are hundreds, maybe thousands by this time, seeing as they feed off fear and despair C All right, all right blustered, blustered Vernon Dursley. You've made your point C I hope so, said Harry, because once I'm seventeen, all of them C Death Eaters, elementors, maybe even Inferi C which means dead bodies enchanted by a Dark wizard C will be able to find you and will certainly attack you. And if you remember the last time you tried to outrun wizards, I think you'll agree you need help.There was a brief silence in which the distant echo of Hagrid smashing down a wooden front door seemed to reverberate through the intervening years. Aunt Petunia was looking at Uncle Vernon	 Dudley was staring at Harry. Finally Uncle Vernon blurted out, But what about my work? What about Dudley's school? I don't suppose those things matter to a bunch of layabout wizards C Don't you understand? shouted Harry. They will torture and kill you like they did my parents!Dad, said Dudley in a loud voice, Dad C I'm going with these Order people.Dudley, said Harry, for the first time in your life, you're talking sense. He knew the battle was won. If Dudley was frightened enough to accept the Order's help, his parents would accompany him. There could be no question of being separated from their Duddykins. Harry glanced at the carriage clock on the mantelpiece.They'll be here in about five minutes, he said, and when one of the Dursleys replied, he left the room. The prospect of parting C probably forever C from his aunt, uncle, and cousin was one that he was able to contemplate quite cheerfully but there was nevertheless a certain awkwardness in the air. What did you say to one another at the end of sixteen years' solid dislike?Back in his bedroom, Harry fiddled aimlessly with his rucksack then poked a couple of owl nuts through the bats of Hedwig's cage. They fell with dull thuds to the bottom where she ignored them.We're leaving soon, really soon, Harry told her. And then you'll be able to fly again.The doorbell rang. Harry hesitated, then headed back out of his room and downstairs. It was too much to expect Hestia and Dedalus to cope with the Dursleys on their own.Harry Potter! squeaked an excited voice, the moment Harry had opened the door	 a small man in a mauve top hat that was sweeping him a deep bow. An honor as ever!Thanks, Dedalus, said Harry, bestowing a small and embarrassed smile upon the dark haired Hestia. It's really good of you to do this... They're through here, my aunt and uncle and cousin...Good day to you, Harry Potter's relatives! said Dedalus happily striding into the living room. The Dursleys did not look at all happy to be addressed thus	 Harry half expected another change of mind. Dudley shrank neared to his mother at the sight of the witch and wizard.I see you are packed and ready. Excellent! The plan, as Harry has told you, is a simple one, said Dedalus, pulling an immense pocket watch out of his waistcoat and examining it. We shall be leaving before Harry does. Due to the danger of using magic in your house CHarry being still underage it could provide the Ministry with an excuse to arrest him C we shall be driving, say, ten miles or so before Disapparating to the safe location we have picked out for you. You know how to drive, I take it? He asked Uncle Vernon politely.Know how to C? Of course I ruddy well know how to drive! spluttered Uncle Vernon.Very clever of you, sir, very clever. I personally would be utterly bamboozled by all those buttons and knobs, said Dedalus. He was clearly under the impression that he was flattering Vernon Dursley, who was visibly losing confidence in the plan with every word Dedalus spoke.Can't even drive, he muttered under his breath, his mustache rippling indignantly, but fortunately neither Dedalus nor Hestia seemed to hear him.You, Harry, Dedalus continued, will wait here for your guard. There has been a little change in the arrangements C What d'you mean? said Harry at once. I thought Mad-Eye was going to come and take me by Side Along-Apparition?Can't do it, said Hestia tersely, Mad-Eye will explain.The Dursleys, who had listened to all of this with looks of utter incomprehension on their faces, jumped as a loud voice screeched, Hurry up! Harry looked all around the room before realizing the voice had issued from Dedalus's pocket watch.Quite right, were operating to a very tight schedule, said Dedalus nodding at his watch and tucking it back into his waist coat. We are attempting to time your departure from the house with your family's Disapparition, Harry thus the charm breaks the moment you all head for safety. He turned to the Dursleys, Well, are we all packed and ready to go?None of them answered him. Uncle Vernon was still staring appalled at the bulge in Dedalus's waistcoat pocket.Perhaps we should wait outside in the hall, Dedalus, murmured Hestia. She clearly felt that it would be tactless for them to remain the room while Harry and the Dursleys exchanged loving, possibly tearful farewells.There's no need, Harry muttered, but Uncle Vernon made any further explanation unnecessary by saying loudly, Well, this is good-bye then boy.He swung his right arm upward to shake Harry's hand, but at the last moment seemed unable to face it, and merely closed his fist and began swinging it backward and forward like a metronome.Ready, Duddy? asked Petunia, fussily checking the clasp of her handbag so as to avoid looking at Harry altogether.Dudley did not answer but stood there with his mouth slightly ajar, reminding Harry a little of the giant, Grawp.Come along, then, said Uncle Vernon.He had already reached the living room door when Dudley mumbled, I don't understand.What don't you understand, popkin? asked Petunia looking up at her son.Dudley raised a large, hamlike hand to point at Harry.Why isn't he coming with us?Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia froze when they stood staring at Dudley as though he had just expressed a desire to become a ballerina.What? said Uncle Vernon loudly.Why isn't he coming too? asked Dudley.Well, he C doesn't want to, said Uncle Vernon, turning to glare at Harry and adding, You don't want to, do you?Not in the slightest, said Harry.There you are, Uncle Vernon told Dudley. Now come on we're off.He marched out of the room. They heard the front door open, but Dudley did not move and after a few faltering steps Aunt Petunia stopped too.What now? barked Uncle Vernon, reappearing in the doorway.It seemed that Dudley was struggling with concepts too difficult to put into words. After several moments of apparently painful internal struggle he said, But where's he going to go?Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon looked at each other. It was clear that Dudley was frightening them. Hestia Jones broke the silence.But... surely you know where your nephew is going? she asked looking bewildered.Certainly we know, said Vernon Dursley. He's off with some of your lot, isn't he? Right, Dudley, let's get in the car, you heard the man, we're in a hurry.Again, Vernon Dursley marched as far as the front door, but Dudley did not follow.Off with some of our lot?Hestia looked outraged. Harry had met this attitude before Witches and wizards seemed stunned that his closed living relatives took so little interest in the famous Harry Potter.It's fine, Harry assured her. It doesn't matter, honestly.Doesn't matter? repeated Hestia, her voice rising considerably.Don't these people realize what you've been through? What danger you are in? The unique position you hold in the hearts of the anti Voldemort movement?Er C no, they don't, said Harry. They think I'm a waste of space, actually but I'm used to C I don't think you're a waste of spaceIf Harry had not seen Dudley's lips move, he might not have believed it. As it was, he stared at Dudley for several seconds before accepting that it must have been his cousin who had spoken	 for one thing, Dudley had turned red. Harry was embarrassed and astonished himself.Well... er... thanks, Dudley.Again, Dudley appeared to grapple with thoughts too unwieldy for expression before mumbling, You saved my life,Not really, said Harry. It was your soul the dementor would have taken...He looked curiously at his cousin. They had had virtually no contact during this summer or last, as Harry had come back to Privet Drive so briefly and kept to his room so much. It now dawned on Harry, however, that the cup of cold tea on which he had trodden that morning might not have been a booby trap at all. Although rather touched he was nevertheless quite relieved that Dudley appeared to have exhausted his ability to express his feelings. After opening his mouth once or twice more, Dudley subsided into scarlet-faced silence.Aunt Petunia burst into tears. Hestia Jones gave her an approving look that changed to outrage as Aunt Petunia ran forward and embraced Dudley rather than Harry. S-so sweet, Dudders... she sobbed into his massive chest. S-such a lovely b-boy... s-saying thank you...But he hasn't said thank you at all! said Hestia indignantly. He only said he didn't think Harry was a waste of space!Yea but coming from Dudley that's like 'I love you,' said Harry, torn between annoyance and a desire to laugh as Aunt Petunia continued to clutch at Dudley as if he had just saved Harry from a burning building.Are we going or not? roared Uncle Vernon, reappearing yet again at the living room door. I thought we were on a tight schedule!Yes Cyes, we are, said Dedalus Diggle, who had been watching these exchanged with an air of bemusement and now seemed to pull himself together. We really must be off. Harry C He tripped forward and wrung Harry's hand with both of his own. C good luck. I hope we meet again. The hopes of the Wizarding world rest upon your shoulders.Oh, said Harry, right. Thanks.Farwell, Harry, said Hestia also clasping his hand. Our thoughts go with you.I hope everything's okay, said Harry with a glance toward Aunt Petunia and Dudley.Oh I'm sure we shall end up the best of chums, said Diggle slightly, waving his hat as he left the room. Hestia followed him.Dudley gently released himself from his mother's clutches and walked toward Harry who had to repress an urge to threaten him with magic. Then Dudley held out his large, pink hand.Blimey, Dudley, said Harry over Aunt Petunia's renewed sobs, did the dementors blow a different personality into you?Dunno, muttered Dudley, See you, Harry.Yea ... said Harry, raking Dudley's hand and shaking it. Maybe. Take care, Big D.Dudley nearly smiled. They lumbered from the room. Harry heard his heavy footfalls on the graveled drive, and then a car door slammed.Aunt Petunia whose face had been buried in her handkerchief looked around at the sound. She did not seem to have expected to find herself alone with Harry. Hastily stowing her wet handkerchief into her pocket, she said, Well C good-bye and marched towards the door without looking at him.Good-bye said Harry.She stopped and looked back. For a moment Harry had the strangest feeling that she wanted to say something to him	 She gave him an odd, tremulous look and seemed to teeter on the edge of speech, but then, with a little of her head, she hustled out of the room after he husband and son.,166,Deathly Hallows,3						
Deathly Hallows=Harry ran back upstairs to his bedroom, arriving at the window just in time to see the Dursleys' car swinging out of the drive and off up the road. Dedalus's top hat was visible between Aunt Petunia and Dudley in the backseat. The car turned right at the end of Privet Drive, its windows burned scarlet for a moment in the now setting sun, and then it was gone.Harry picked up Hedwig's cage, his Firebolt, and his rucksack, gave his unnaturally tidy bedroom one last sweeping look, and then made his ungainly way back downstairs to the hall, where he deposited cage, broomstick, and bag near the foot of the stairs. The light was fading rapidly, the hall full of shadows in the evening light. It felt most strange to stand here in the silence and know that he was about to leave the house for the last time. Long ago, when he had been left alone while the Dursleys went out to enjoy themselves, the hours of solitude had been a rare treat. Pausing only to sneak something tasty from the fridge, he had rushed upstairs to play on Dudley's computer, or put on the television and flicked through the channels to his heart's content. It gave him an odd, empty feeling remembering those times	 it was like remembering a younger brother whom he had lost.Don't you want to take a last look at the place? he asked Hedwig, who was still sulking with her head under her wing. We'll never be here again. Don't you want to remember all the good times? I mean, look at this doormat. What memories ... Dudley sobbed on it after I saved him from the dementors ... Turns out he was grateful after all, can you believe it? ... And last summer, Dumbledore walked through that front door ...Harry lost the thread of his thoughts for a moment and Hedwig did nothing to help him retrieve it, but continued to sit with her head under her wing. Harry turned his back on the front door.And under here, Hedwig C Harry pulled open a door under the stairs C is where I used to sleep! You never knew me then C Blimey, it's small, I'd forgotten ...Harry looked around at the stacked shoes and umbrellas remembering how he used to wake every morning looking up at the underside of the staircase, which was more often than not adorned with a spider or two. Those had been the days before he had known anything about his true identity	 before he had found out how his parents had died or why such strange things often happened around him. But Harry could still remember the dreams that had dogged him, even in those days: confused dreams involving flashes of green light and once C Uncle Vernon had nearly crashed the car when Harry had recounted it C a flying motorbike ...There was a sudden, deafening roar from somewhere nearby. Harry straightened up with a jerk and smacked the top of his head on the low door frame. Pausing only to employ a few of Uncle Vernon's choicest swear words, he staggered back into the kitchen, clutching his head and staring out of the window into the back garden.The darkness seemed to be rippling, the air itself quivering. Then, one by one, figures began to pop into sight as their Disillusionment Charms lifted. Dominating the scene was Hagrid, wearing a helmet and goggles and sitting astride an enormous motorbike with a black sidecar attached. All around him other people were dismounting from brooms and, in two cases, skeletal, black winged horses.Wrenching open the back door, Harry hurtled into their midst. There was a general cry of greeting as Hermione flung her arms around him, Ron clapped him on the back, and Hagrid said, All righ', Harry? Ready fer the off?Definitely, said Harry, beaming around at them all. But I wasn't expecting this many of you!Change of plan, growled Mad-Eye, who was holding two enormous bulging sacks, and whose magical eye was spinning from darkening sky to house to garden with dizzying rapidity. Let's get undercover before we talk you through it.Harry led them all back into the kitchen where, laughing and chattering, they settled on chairs, sat themselves upon Aunt Petunia's gleaming work surfaces, or leaned up against her spotless appliances	 Ron, long and lanky	 Hermione, her bushy hair tied back in a long plait	 Fred and George, grinning identically	 Bill, badly scarred and longhaired	 Mr. Weasley, kind-faced, balding, his spectacles a little awry	 Mad-Eye, battle-worn, one-legged, his bright blue magical eye whizzing in its socket	 Tonks, whose short hair was her favorite shade of bright pink	 Lupin, grayer, more lined	 Fleur, slender and beautiful, with her long silvery blonde hair	 Kingsley, bald and broad-shouldered	 Hagrid, with his wild hair and beard, standing hunchbacked to avoid hitting his head on the ceiling
Deathly Hallows=Hagrid?Harry struggled to raise himself out of the debris of metal and leather that surrounded him	 his hands sank into inches of muddy water as he tried to stand. He could not understand where Voldemort had gone and expected him to swoop out of the darkness at any moment. Something hot and wet was trickling down his chin and from his forehead. He crawled out of the pond and stumbled toward the great dark mass on the ground that was Hagrid.Hagrid? Hagrid, talk to me C But the dark mass did not stir.Who's there? Is it Potter? Are you Harry Potter?Harry did not recognize the man's voice. Then a woman shouted. They've crashed. Ted! Crashed in the garden!Harry's head was swimming.Hagrid, he repeated stupidly, and his knees buckled.The next thing he knew, he was lying on his back on what felt like cushions, with a burning sensation in his ribs and right arm. His missing tooth had been regrown. The scar on his forehead was still throbbing.Hagrid?He opened his eyes and saw that he was lying on a sofa in an unfamiliar, lamplit sitting room. His rucksack lay on the floor a short distance away, wet and muddy. A fair-haired, big-bellied man was watching Harry anxiously.Hagrid's fine, son, said the man, the wife's seeing to him now. How are you feeling? Anything else broken? I've fixed your ribs, your tooth, and your arm. I'm Ted, by the way, Ted Tonks C Dora's father.Harry sat up too quickly. Lights popped in front of his eyes and he felt sick and giddy.Voldemort C Easy, now, said Ted Tonks, placing a hand on Harry's shoulder and pushing him back against the cushions. That was a nasty crash you just had. What happened, anyway? Something go wrong with the bike? Arthur Weasley overstretch himself again, him and his Muggle contraptions?No, said Harry, as his scar pulsed like an open wound. Death Eaters, loads of them C we were chased C Death Eaters? said Ted sharply. What d'you mean, Death Eaters? I thought they didn't know you were being moved tonight, I thought C They knew, said Harry.Ted Tonks looked up at the ceiling as though he could see through it to the sky above.Well, we know our protective charms hold, then, don't we? They shouldn't be able to get within a hundred yards of the place in any direction.Now Harry understood why Voldemort had vanished	 it had been at the point when the motorbike crossed the barrier of the Order's charms. He only hoped they would continue to work: He imagined Voldemort, a hundred yards above them as they spoke, looking for a way to penetrate what Harry visualized as a great transparent bubble.He swung his legs off the sofa	 he needed to see Hagrid with his own eyes before he would believe that he was alive. He had barely stood up, however, when a door opened and Hagrid squeezed through it, his face covered in mud and blood, limping a little but miraculously alive.Harry!Knocking over two delicate tables and an aspidistra, he covered the floor between them in two strides and pulled Harry into a hug that nearly cracked his newly repaired ribs. Blimey, Harry, how did yeh get out o' that? I thought we were both goners.Yeah, me too. I can't believe C Harry broke off. He had just noticed the woman who had entered the room behind Hagrid.You! he shouted, and he thrust his hand into his pocket, but it was empty.Your wand's here, son, said Ted, tapping it on Harry's arm. It fell right beside you, I picked it up...And that's my wife you're shouting at.Oh, I'm C I'm sorry.As she moved forward into the room, Mrs. Tonks's resemblance to her sister Bellatrix became much less pronounced: Her hair was a light soft brown and her eyes were wider and kinder. Nevertheless, she looked a little haughty after Harry's exclamation.What happened to our daughter? she asked. Hagrid said you were ambushed	 where is Nymphadora?I don't know, said Harry. We don't know what happened to anyone else.She and Ted exchanged looks. A mixture of fear and guilt gripped Harry at the sight of their expressions, if any of the others had died, it was his fault, all his fault. He had consented to the plan, given them his hair...The Portkey, he said, remembering all of a sudden. We've got to get back to the Burrow and find out C then we'll be able to send you word, or C or Tonks will, once she's C Dora'll be ok, 'Dromeda, said Ted. She knows her stuff, she's been in plenty of tight spots with the Aurors. The Portkey's through here, he added to Harry. It's supposed to leave in three minutes, if you want to take it.Yeah, we do, said Harry. He seized his rucksack, swung it onto his shoulders. I C He looked at Mrs. Tonks, wanting to apologize for the state of fear in which he left her and for which he felt so terribly responsible, but no words occurred to him that he did not seem hollow and insincere.I'll tell Tonks C Dora C to send word, when she... Thanks for patching us up, thanks for everything, I C He was glad to leave the room and follow Ted Tonks along a short hallway and into a bedroom. Hagrid came after them, bending low to avoid hitting his head on the door lintel.There you go, son. That's the Portkey.Mr. Tonks was pointing to a small, silver-backed hairbrush lying on the dressing table.Thanks, said Harry, reaching out to place a finger on it, ready to leave.Wait a moment, said Hagrid, looking around. Harry, where's Hedwig?She... she got hit, said Harry.The realization crashed over him: He felt ashamed of himself as the tears stung his eyes. The owl had been his companion, his one great link with the magical world whenever he had been forced to return to the Dursleys.Hagrid reached out a great hand and patted him painfully on the shoulder.Never mind, he said gruffly, Never mind. She had a great old life C Hagrid! said Ted Tonks warningly, as the hairbrush glowed bright blue, and Hagrid only just got his forefinger to it in time.With a jerk behind the navel as though an invisible hook and line had dragged him forward, Harry was pulled into nothingness, spinning uncontrollably, his finger glued to the Portkey as he and Hagrid hurtled away from Mr. Tonks. Second later, Harry's feet slammed onto hard ground and he fell onto his hands and knees in the yard of the Burrow. He heard screams. Throwing aside the no longer glowing hairbrush, Harry stood up, swaying slightly, and saw Mrs. Weasley and Ginny running down the steps by the back door as Hagrid, who had also collapsed on landing, clambered laboriously to his feet.Harry? You are the real Harry? What happened? Where are the others? cried Mrs. Weasley.What d'you mean? Isn't anyone else back? Harry panted.The answer was clearly etched in Mrs. Weasley's pale face.The Death Eaters were waiting for us, Harry told her, We were surrounded the moment we took off C they knew it was tonight C I don't know what happened to anyone else, four of them chased us, it was all we could do to get away, and then Voldemort caught up with us C He could hear the self-justifying note in his voice, the plea for her to understand why he did not know what had happened to her sons, but CThank goodness you're all right, she said, pulling him into a hug he did not feel he deserved.Haven't go' any brandy, have yeh, Molly? asked Hagrid a little shakily, Fer medicinal purposes?She could have summoned it by magic, but as she hurried back toward the crooked house, Harry knew that she wanted to hide her face. He turned to Ginny and she answered his unspoken plea for information at once.Ron and Tonks should have been back first, but they missed their Portkey, it came back without them, she said, pointing at a rusty oil can lying on the ground nearby. And that one, she pointed at an ancient sneaker, should have been Dad and Fred's, they were supposed to be second. You and Hagrid were third and, she checked her watch, if they made it, George and Lupin aught to be back in about a minute.Mrs. Weasley reappeared carrying a bottle of brandy, which she handed to Hagrid. He uncorked it and drank it straight down in one.Mum! shouted Ginny pointing to a spot several feet away.A blue light had appeared in the darkness: It grew larger and brighter, and Lupin and George appeared, spinning and then falling. Harry knew immediately that there was something wrong: Lupin was supporting George, who was unconscious and whose face was covered in blood.Harry ran forward and seized George's legs. Together, he and Lupin carried George into the house and through the kitchen to the living room, where they laid him on the sofa. As the lamplight fell across George's head, Ginny gasped and Harry's stomach lurched: One of George's ears was missing. The side of his head and neck were drenched in wet, shockingly scarlet blood.No sooner had Mrs. Weasley bent over her son that Lupin grabbed Harry by the upper arm and dragged him, none too gently, back into the kitchen, where Hagrid was still attempting to ease his bulk through the back door.Oi! said Hagrid indignantly, Le' go of him! Le' go of Harry!Lupin ignored him.What creature sat in the corner the first time that Harry Potter visited my office at Hogwarts? he said, giving Harry a small shake. Answer me!A C a grindylow in a tank, wasn't it?Lupin released Harry and fell back against a kitchen cupboard.Wha' was tha' about? roared Hagrid.I'm sorry, Harry, but I had to check, said Lupin tersely. We've been betrayed. Voldemort knew that you were being moved tonight and the only people who could have told him were directly involved in the plan. You might have been an impostor.So why aren' you checkin' me? panted Hagrid, still struggling with the door.You're half-giant, said Lupin, looking up at Hagrid. The Polyjuice Potion is designed for human use only.None of the Order would have told Voldemort we were moving tonight, said Harry. The idea was dreadful to him, he could not believe it of any of them. Voldemort only caught up with me toward the end, he didn't know which one I was in the beginning. If he'd been in on the plan he'd have known from the start I was the one with Hagrid.Voldemort caught up with you? said Lupin sharply. What happened? How did you escape?Harry explained how the Death Eaters pursuing them had seemed to recognize him as the true Harry, how they had abandoned the chase, how they must have summoned Voldemort, who had appeared just before he and Hagrid had reached the sanctuary of Tonks's parents.They recognized you? But how? What had you done?I... Harry tried to remember	 the whole journey seemed like a blur of panic and confusion. I saw Stan Shunpike.... You know, the bloke who was the conductor on the Knight Bus? And I tried to Disarm him instead of C well, he doesn't know what he's doing, does he? He must be Imperiused!Lupin looked aghast.Harry, the time for Disarming is past! These people are trying to capture and kill you! At least Stun if you aren't prepared to kill!We were hundreds of feet up! Stan's not himself, and if I Stunned him and he'd fallen, he'd have died the same as if I'd used Avada Kedavra! Expelliarmus saved me from Voldemort two years ago, Harry added defiantly. Lupin was reminding him of the sneering Hufflepuff Zacharias Smith, who had jeered at Harry for wanting to teach Dumbledore's Army how to Disarm.Yes, Harry, said Lupin with painful restraint, and a great number of Death Eaters witnessed that happening! Forgive me, but it was a very unusual move then, under the imminent threat of death. Repeating it tonight in front of Death Eaters who either witnessed or heard about the first occasion was close to suicidal!So you think I should have killed Stan Shunpike? said Harry angrily.Of course not, said Lupin, but the Death Eaters C frankly, most people! C would have expected you to attack back! Expelliarmus is a useful spell, Harry, but the Death Eaters seem to think it is your signature move, and I urge you not to let it become so!Lupin was making Harry feel idiotic, and yet there was still a grain of defiance inside him.I won't blast people out of my way just because they're there, said Harry, That's Voldemort's job.Lupin's retort was lost: Finally succeeding in squeezing through the door, Hagrid staggered to a chair and sat down	 it collapsed beneath him. Ignoring his mingled oaths and apologies, Harry addressed Lupin again.Will George be okay?All Lupin's frustration with Harry seemed to drain away at the question.I think so, although there's no chance of replacing his ear, not when it's been cursed off C There was a scuffling from outside. Lupin dived for the back door	 Harry leapt over Hagrid's legs and sprinted into the yard.Two figures had appeared in the yard, and as Harry ran toward them he realized they were Hermione, now returning to her normal appearance, and Kingsley, both clutching a bent coat hanger, Hermione flung herself into Harry's arms, but Kingsley showed no pleasure at the sight of any of them. Over Hermione's shoulder Harry saw him raise his wand and point it at Lupin's chest.The last words Albus Dumbledore spoke to the pair of us!'Harry is the best hope we have. Trust him,' said Lupin calmly.Kingsley turned his wand on Harry, but Lupin said, It's him, I've checked!All right, all right! said Kingsley, stowing his wand back beneath his cloak, But somebody betrayed us! They knew, they knew it was tonight!So it seems, replied Lupin, but apparently they did not realize that there would be seven Harrys.Small comfort! snarled Kingsley. Who else is back?Only Harry, Hagrid, George, and me.Hermione stifled a little moan behind her hand.What happened to you? Lupin asked Kingsley.Followed by five, injured two, might've killed one, Kingsley reeled off, and we saw You-Know-Who as well, he joined the chase halfway through but vanished pretty quickly. Remus, he can C Fly, supplied Harry. I saw him too, he came after Hagrid and me.So that's why he left, to follow you! said Kingsley, I couldn't understand why he'd vanished. But what made him change targets?Harry behaved a little too kindly to Stan Shunpike, said Lupin.Stan? repeated Hermione. But I thought he was in Azkaban?Kingsley let out a mirthless laugh.Hermione, there's obviously been a mass breakout which the Ministry has hushed up. Travers's hood fell off when I cursed him, he's supposed to be inside too. But what happened to you, Remus? Where's George?He lost an ear, said Lupin.lost an C? repeated Hermione in a high voice.Snape's work, said Lupin.Snape? shouted Harry. You didn't say C He lost his hood during the chase. Sectumsempra was always a specialty of Snape's. I wish I could say I'd paid him back in kind, but it was all I could do to keep George on the broom after he was injured, he was losing so much blood.Silence fell between the four of them as they looked up at the sky. There was no sign of movement	 the stars stared back, unblinking, indifferent, unobscured by flying friends. Where was Ron? Where were Fred and Mr. Weasley? Where were Bill, Fleur, Tonks, Mad-Eye, and Mundungus?Harry, give us a hand! called Hagrid hoarsely from the door, in which he was stuck again. Glad of something to do, Harry pulled him free, the headed through the empty kitchen and back into the sitting room, where Mrs. Weasley and Ginny were still tending to George. Mrs. Weasley had staunched his bleeding now, and by the lamplight Harry saw a clean gaping hole where George's ear had been.How is he?Mrs. Weasley looked around and said, I can't make it grow back, not when it's been removed by Dark Magic. But it could've been so much worse.... He's alive.Yeah, said Harry. Thank God.Did I hear someone else in the yard? Ginny asked.Hermione and Kingsley, said Harry.Thank goodness, Ginny whispered. They looked at each other	 Harry wanted to hug her, hold on to her	 he did not even care much that Mrs. Weasley was there, but before he could act on the impulse, there was a great crash from the kitchen.I'll prove who I am, Kingsley, after I've seen my son, now back off if you know what's good for you!Harry had never heard Mr. Weasley shout like that before. He burst into the living room, his bald patch gleaming with sweat, his spectacles askew, Fred right behind him, both pale but uninjured.Arthur! sobbed Mrs. Weasley. Oh thank goodness!How is he?Mr. Weasley dropped to his knees beside George. For the first time since Harry had known him, Fred seemed to be lost for words. He gaped over the back of the sofa at his twin's wound as if he could not believe what he was seeing.Perhaps roused by the sound of Fred and their father's arrival, George stirred.How do you feel, Georgie? whispered Mrs. Weasley.George's fingers groped for the side of his head.Saintlike, he murmured.What's wrong with him? croaked Fred, looking terrified. Is his mind affected?Saintlike, repeated George, opening his eyes and looking up at his brother. You see... I'm holy. Holey, Fred, geddit?Mrs. Weasley sobbed harder than ever. Color flooded Fred's pale face.Pathetic, he told George. Pathetic! With the whole wide world of ear-related humor before you, you go for holey?Ah well, said George, grinning at his tear-soaked mother. You'll be able to tell us apart now, anyway, Mum.He looked around.Hi, Harry C you are Harry, right?Yeah, I am, said Harry, moving closer to the sofa.Well, at least we got you back okay, said George. Why aren't Ron and Bill huddled round my sickbed?They're not back yet, George, said Mrs. Weasley. George's grin faded. Harry glanced at Ginny and motioned to her to accompany him back outside. As they walked through the kitchen she said in a low voice.Ron and Tonks should be back by now. They didn't have a long journey	 Auntie Muriel's not that far from here.Harry said nothing. He had been trying to keep fear at bay ever since reaching the Burrow, but now it enveloped him, seeming to crawl over his skin, throbbing in his chest, clogging his throat. As they walked down the back steps into the dark yard, Ginny took his hand.Kingsley was striding backward and forward, glancing up at the sky every time he turned. Harry was reminded of Uncle Vernon pacing the living room a million years ago. Hagrid, Hermione, and Lupin stood shoulder to shoulder, gazing upward in silence. None of them looked around when Harry and Ginny joined their silent vigil.The minutes stretched into what might as well have been years. The slightest breath of wind made them all jump and turn toward the whispering bush or tree in the hope that one of the missing Order members might leap unscathed from its leaves CAnd then a broom materialized directly above them and streaked toward the ground CIt's them! screamed Hermione.Tonks landed in a long skid that sent earth and pebbles everywhere.Remus! Tonks cried as she staggered off the broom into Lupin's arms. His face was set and white: He seemed unable to speak, Ron tripped dazedly toward Harry and Hermione.You're okay, he mumbled, before Hermione flew at him and hugged him tightly.I thought C I thought C 'M all right, said Ron, patting her on the back. 'M fine.Ron was great, said Tonks warmly, relinquishing her hold on Lupin. Wonderful. Stunned one of the Death Eaters, straight to the head, and when you're aiming at a moving target from a flying broom C You did? said Hermione, gazing up at Ron with her arms still around his neck.Always the tone of surprise, he said a little grumpily, breaking free. Are we the last back?No, said Ginny, we're still waiting for Bill and Fleur and Mad-Eye and Mundungus. I'm going to tell Mum and Dad you're okay, Ron C She ran back inside.So what kept you? What happened? Lupin sounded almost angry at Tonks.Bellatrix, said Tonks. She wants me quite as much as she wants Harry, Remus, She tried very hard to kill me. I just wish I'd got her, I owe Bellatrix. But we definitely injured Rodolphus.... Then we got to Ron's Auntie Muriel's and we missed our Portkey and she was fussing over us C A muscle was jumping in Lupin's jaw. He nodded, but seemed unable to say anything else.So what happened to you lot? Tonks asked, turning to Harry, Hermione, and Kingsley.They recounted the stories of their own journeys, but all the time the continued absence of Bill, Fleur, Mad-Eye, and Mundungus seemed to lie upon them like a frost, its icy bite harder and harder to ignore.I'm going to have to get back to Downing Street, I should have been there an hour ago, said Kingsley finally, after a last sweeping gaze at the sky. Let me know when they're back.Lupin nodded. With a wave to the others, Kingsley walked away into the darkness toward the gate. Harry thought he heard the faintest pop as Kingsley Disapparated just beyond the Burrow's boundaries.Mr. And Mrs. Weasley came racing down the back steps, Ginny behind them. Both parents hugged Ron before turning to Lupin and Tonks.Thank you, said Mrs. Weasley, for our sons.Don't be silly, Molly, said Tonks at once.How's George? asked Lupin.What's wrong with him? piped up Ron.He's lost C But the end of Mrs. Weasley's sentence was drowned in a general outcry. A thestral had just soared into sight and landed a few feet from them. Bill and Fleur slid from its back, windswept but unhurt.Bill! Thank God, thank God C Mrs. Weasley ran forward, but the hug Bill bestowed upon her was perfunctory. Looking directly at his father, he said, Mad-Eye's dead.Nobody spoke, nobody moved. Harry felt as though something inside him was falling, falling through the earth, leaving him forever.We saw it, said Bill	 Fleur nodded, tear tracks glittering on her cheeks in the light from the kitchen window. It happened just after we broke out of the circle: Mad-Eye and Dung were close by us, they were heading north too. Voldemort C he can fly C went straight for them. Dung panicked, I heard him cry out, Mad-Eye tried to stop him, but he Disapparated. Voldemort's curse hit Mad-Eye full in the face, he fell backward off his broom and C there was nothing we could do, nothing, we had half a dozen of them on our own tail C Bill's voice broke.Of course you couldn't have done anything, said Lupin.They all stood looking at each other. Harry could not quite comprehend it. Mad-Eye dead	 it could not be.... Mad-Eye, so tough, so brave, the consummate survivor...At last it seemed to dawn on everyone, though nobody said it, that there was no point of waiting in the yard anymore, and in silence they followed Mr. And Mrs. Weasley back into the Burrow, and into the living room, where Fred and George were laughing together.What's wrong? said Fred, scanning their faces as they entered, What's happened? Who's C?Mad-Eye, said Mr. Weasley, Dead.The twins' grins turned to grimaces of shock. Nobody seemed to know what to do. Tonks was crying silently into a handkerchief: She had been close to Mad-Eye, Harry knew, his favorite and his protge at the Ministry of Magic. Hagrid, who had sat down on the floor in the corner where he had most space, was dabbing at his eyes with his tablecloth-sized handkerchief.Bill walked over to the sideboard and pulled out a bottle of fire-whisky and some glasses.Here, he said, and with a wave of his wand, eh sent twelve full glasses soaring through the room to each of them, holding the thirteenth aloft. Mad-Eye.Mad-Eye, they all said, and drank.Mad-Eye, echoed Hagrid, a little late, with a hiccup. The firewhisky seared Harry's throat. It seemed to burn feeling back into him, dispelling the numbness and sense of unreality firing him with something that was like courage.So Mundungus disappeared? said Lupin, who had drained his own glass in one.The atmosphere changed at once. Everybody looked tense, watching Lupin, both wanting him to go on, it seemed to Harry, and slightly afraid of what they might hear.I know what you're thinking, said Bill, and I wondered that too, on the way back here, because they seemed to be expecting us, didn't they? But Mundungus can't have betrayed us. They didn't know there would be seven Harrys, that confused them the moment we appeared, and in case you've forgotten, it was Mundungus who suggested that little bit of skullduggery. Why wouldn't he have told them the essential point? I think Dung panicked, it's as simple as that. He didn't want to come in the first place, but Mad-Eye made him, and You-Know-Who went straight for them. It was enough to make anyone panic.You-Know-Who acted exactly as Mad-Eye expected him to, sniffed Tonks. Mad-Eye said he'd expect the real Harry to be with the toughest, most skilled Aurors. He chased Mad-Eye first, and when Mundungus gave them away he switched to Kingsley.... Yes, and zat eez all very good, snapped Fleur, but still eet does not explain 'ow zey know we were moving 'Arry tonight, does eet? Somebody must 'ave been careless. Somebody let slip ze date to an outsider. It is ze only explanation for zem knowing ze date but not ze 'ole plan.She glared around at them all, tear tracks still etched on her beautiful face, silently daring any of them to contradict her. Nobody did. The only sound to break the silence was that of Hagrid hiccupping from behind his handkerchief. Harry glanced at Hagrid, who had just risked his own life to save Harry's C Hagrid, whom he loved, whom he trusted, who had once been tricked into giving Voldemort crucial information in exchange for a dragon's egg....No, Harry said aloud, and they all looked at him, surprised: The firewhisky seemed to have amplified his voice. I mean... if somebody made a mistake, Harry went on, and let something slip, I know they didn't mean to do it. It's not their fault, he repeated, again a little louder than he would usually have spoken. We've got to trust each other. I trust all of you, I don't think anyone in this room would ever sell me to Voldemort.More silence followed his words. They were all looking at him
Deathly Hallows=The shock of losing Mad-Eye hung over the house in the days that followed	 Harry kept expecting to see him stumping in through the back door like the other Order members, who passed in and out to relay news. Harry felt that nothing but action would assuage his feelings of guilt and grief and that he ought to set out on his mission to find and destroy Horcruxes as soon as possible.Well, you can't do anything about the C Ron mouthed the word Horcruxes C till you're seventeen. You've still got the Trace on you. And we can plan here as well as anywhere, can't we? Or, he dropped his voice to a whisper, d'you reckon you already know where the You-Know-Whats are?No, Harry admitted.I think Hermione's been doing a bit of research, said Ron. She said she was saving it for when you got here.They were sitting at the breakfast table	 Mr. Weasley and Bill had just left for work. Mrs. Weasley had gone upstairs to wake Hermione and Ginny, while Fleur had drifted off to take a bath.The Trace'll break on the thirty-first, said Harry. That means I only need to stay here four days. Then I can C Five days, Ron corrected him firmly. We've got to stay for the wedding. They'll kill us if we miss it.Harry understood they to mean Fleur and Mrs. Weasley.It's one extra day, said Ron, when Harry looked mutinous.Don't they realize how important C?'Course they don't, said Ron. They haven't got a clue. And now you mention it, I wanted to talk to you about that.Ron glanced toward the door into the hall to check that Mrs. Weasley was not returning yet, then leaned in closer to Harry.Mum's been trying to get it out of Hermione and me. What we're off to do. She'll try you next, so brace yourself. Dad and Lupin've both asked as well, but when we said Dumbledore told you not to tell anyone except us, they dropped it. Not Mum, though. She's determined.Ron's prediction came true within hours. Shortly before lunch, Mrs. Weasley detached Harry from the others by asking him to help identify a lone man's sock that she thought might have come out of his rucksack. Once she had him cornered in the tiny scullery off the kitchen, she started.Ron and Hermione seem to think that the three of you are dropping out of Hogwarts, she began in a light, casual tone.Oh, said Harry. Well, yeah. We are.The mangle turned of its own accord in a corner, wringing out what looked like one of Mr. Weasley's vests.May I ask why you are abandoning your education? said Mrs. Weasley.Well, Dumbledore left me... stuff to do, mumbled Harry. Ron and Hermione know about it, and they want to come too.What sort of 'stuff'?I'm sorry, I can't C Well, frankly, I think Arthur and I have a right to know, and I'm sure Mr. And Mrs. Granger would agree! said Mrs. Weasley. Harry had been afraid of the concerned parent attack. He forced himself to look directly into her eyes, noticing as he did so that they were precisely the same shade of brown as Ginny's. This did not help.Dumbledore didn't want anyone else to know, Mrs. Weasley. I'm sorry. Ron and Hermione don't have to come, it's their choice C I don't see that you have to go either! she snapped, dropping all pretense now. You're barely of age, any of you! It's utter nonsense, if Dumbledore needed work doing, he had the whole Order at his command! Harry, you must have misunderstood him. Probably he was telling you something he wanted done, and you took it to mean that he wanted youCI didn't misunderstand, said Harry flatly. It's got to be me.He handed her back the single sock he was supposed to be identifying, which was patterned with golden bulrushes.And that's not mine. I don't support Puddlemere United.Oh, of course not, said Mrs. Weasley with a sudden and rather unnerving return to her casual tone. I should have realized. Well, Harry, while we've still got you here, you won't mind helping with the preparations for Bill and Fleur's wedding, will you? There's still so much to do.No C I C of course not, said Harry, disconcerted by this sudden change of subject.Sweet of you, she replied, and she smiled as she left the scullery.From that moment on, Mrs. Weasley kept Harry, Ron and Hermione so busy with preparations for the wedding that they hardly had any time to think. The kindest explanation of this behavior would have been that Mrs. Weasley wanted to distract them all from thoughts of Mad-Eye and the terrors of their recent journey. After two days of nonstop cutlery cleaning, of color-matching favors, ribbons, and flowers, of de-gnoming the garden and helping Mrs. Weasley cook vast batches of canaps, however, Harry started to suspect her of a different motive. All the jobs she handed out seemed to keep him, Ron, and Hermione away from one another	 he had not had a chance to speak to the two of them alone since the first night, when he had told them about Voldemort torturing Ollivander.I think Mum thinks that if she can stop the three of you getting together and planning, she'll be able to delay you leaving, Ginny told Harry in an undertone, as they laid the table for dinner on the third night of his stay.And then what does she think's going to happen? Harry muttered. Someone else might kill off Voldemort while she's holding us here making vol-au-vents?He had spoken without thinking, and saw Ginny's face whiten.So it's true? she said. That's what you're trying to do?I C not C I was joking, said Harry evasively.They stared at each other, and there was something more than shock in Ginny's expression. Suddenly Harry became aware that this was the first time that he had been alone with her since those stolen hours in secluded corners of the Hogwarts grounds. He was sure she was remembering them too. Both of them jumped as the door opened, and Mr. Weasley, Kingsley, and Bill walked in.They were often joined by other Order members for dinner now, because the Burrow had replaced number twelve, Grimmauld Place as the headquarters. Mr. Weasley had explained that after the death of Dumbledore, their Secret-Keeper, each of the people to whom Dumbledore had confided Grimmauld Place's location had become a Secret-Keeper in turn.And as there are around twenty of us, that greatly dilutes the power of the Fidelius Charm. Twenty times as many opportunities for the Death Eaters to get the secret out of somebody. We can't expect it to hold much longer.But surely Snape will have told the Death Eaters the address by now? asked Harry.Well, Mad-Eye set up a couple of curses against Snape in case he turns up there again. We hope they'll be strong enough both to keep him out and to bind his tongue if he tries to talk about the place, but we can't be sure. It would have been insane to keep using the place as headquarters now that its protection has become so shaky.The kitchen was so crowded that evening it was difficult to maneuver knives and forks. Harry found himself crammed beside Ginny	 the unsaid things that had just passed between them made him wish they had been separated by a few more people. He was trying so hard to avoid brushing her arm he could barely cut his chicken.No news about Mad-Eye? Harry asked Bill.Nothing, replied Bill.They had not been able to hold a funeral for Moody, because Bill and Lupin had failed to recover his body. It had been difficult to know where he might have fallen, given the darkness and the confusion of the battle.The Daily Prophet hasn't said a word about him dying or about finding the body, Bill went on. But that doesn't mean much. It's keeping a lot quiet these days.And they still haven't called a hearing about all the underage magic I used escaping the Death Eaters? Harry called across the table to Mr. Weasley, who shook his head.Because they know I had no choice or because they don't want me to tell the world Voldemort attacked me?The latter, I think. Scrimgeour doesn't want to admit that You-Know-Who is as powerful as he is, nor that Azkaban's seen a mass breakout.Yeah, why tell the public the truth? said Harry, clenching his knife so tightly that the faint scars on the back of his right hand stood out, white against his skin: I must not tell lies.Isn't anyone at the Ministry prepared to stand up to him? asked Ron angrily.Of course, Ron, but people are terrified, Mr. Weasley replied, terrified that they will be next to disappear, their children the next to be attacked! There are nasty rumors going around	 I for one don't believe the Muggle Studies professor at Hogwarts resigned. She hasn't been seen for weeks now. Meanwhile Scrimgeour remains shut up in his office all day	 I just hope he's working on a plan.There was a pause in which Mrs. Weasley magicked the empty plates onto the work surface and served apple tart.We must decide 'ow you will be disguised, 'Arry, said Fleur, once everyone had pudding. For ze wedding, she added, when he looked confused. Of course, none of our guests are Death Eaters, but we cannot guarantee zat zey will not let something slip after zey 'ave 'ad champagne.From this, Harry gathered that she still suspected Hagrid.Yes, good point, said Mrs. Weasley from the top of the table where she sat, spectacles perched on the end of her nose, scanning an immense list of jobs that she had scribbled on a very long piece of parchment. Now, Ron, have you cleaned out your room yet?Why? exclaimed Ron, slamming his spoon down and glaring at his mother. Why does my room have to be cleaned out? Harry and I are fine with it the way it is!We are holding your brother's wedding here in a few days' time, young man C And are they getting married in my bedroom? asked Ron furiously. No! So why in the name of Merlin's saggy left C Don't talk to your mother like that, said Mr. Weasley firmly. And do as you're told.Ron scowled at both his parents, then picked up his spoon and attacked the last few mouthfuls of his apple tart.I can help, some of it's my mess. Harry told Ron, but Mrs. Weasley cut across him.No, Harry, dear, I'd much rather you helped Arthur much out the chickens, and Hermione, I'd be ever so grateful if you'd change the sheets for Monsieur and Madame Delacour	 you know they're arriving at eleven tomorrow morning.But as it turned out, there was very little to do for the chickens. There's no need to, er, mention it to Molly, Mr. Weasley told Harry, blocking his access to the coop, but, er, Ted Tonks sent me most of what was left of Sirius's bike and, er, I'm hiding C that's to say, keeping C it in here. Fantastic stuff: There's an exhaust gaskin, as I believe it's called, the most magnificent battery, and it'll be a great opportunity to find out how brakes work. I'm going to try and put it all back together again when Molly's not C I mean, when I've got time.When they returned to the house, Mrs. Weasley was nowhere to be seen, so Harry slipped upstairs to Ron's attic bedroom.I'm doing it, I'm doing C! Oh, it's you, said Ron in relief, as Harry entered the room. Ron lay back down on the bed, which he had evidently just vacated. The room was just as messy as it had been all week	 the only chance was that Hermione was now sitting in the far corner, her fluffy ginger cat, Crookshanks, at her feet, sorting books, some of which Harry recognized as his own, into two enormous piles.Hi, Harry, she said, as he sat down on his camp bed.And how did you manage to get away?Oh, Ron's mum forgot that she asked Ginny and me to change the sheets yesterday, said Hermione. She threw Numerology and Grammatica onto one pile and The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts onto the other.We were just talking about Mad-Eye, Ron told Harry. I reckon he might have survived.But Bill saw him hit by the Killing Curse, said Harry.Yeah, but Bill was under attack too, said Ron. How can he be sure what he saw?Even if the Killing Curse missed, Mad-Eye still fell about a thousand feet, said Hermione, now weight Quidditch Teams of Britain and Ireland in her hand.He could have used a Shield Charm C Fleur said his wand was blasted out of his hand, said Harry.Well, all right, if you want him to be dead, said Ron grumpily, punching his pillow into a more comfortable shape.Of course we don't want him to be dead! said Hermione, looking shocked. It's dreadful that he's dead! But we're being realistic!For the first time, Harry imagined Mad-Eye's body, broken as Dumbledore's had been, yet with that one eye still whizzing in its socket. He felt a stab of revulsion mixed with a bizarre desire to laugh.The Death Eaters probably tidied up after themselves, that's why no one's found him, said Ron wisely.Yeah, said Harry. Like Barty Crouch, turned into a bone and buried in Hagrid's front garden. They probably transfigured Moody and stuffed him C Don't! squealed Hermione. Startled, Harry looked over just in time to see her burst into tears over her copy of Spellman's Syllabary.Oh no, said Harry, struggling to get up from the old camp bed. Hermione, I wasn't trying to upset C But with a great creaking of rusty bedsprings, Ron bounded off the bed and got there first. One arm around Hermione, he fished in his jeans pocket and withdrew a revolting-looking handkerchief that he had used to clean out the oven earlier. Hastily pulling out his wand, he pointed it at the rag and said, Tergeo.The wand siphoned off most of the grease. Looking rather pleased with himself, Ron handed the slightly smoking handkerchief to Hermione.Oh... thanks, Ron.... I'm sorry.... She blew her nose and hiccupped. It's just so awf-ful, isn't it? R-right after Dumbledore... I j-just n-never imagined Mad-Eye dying, somehow, he seemed so tough!Yeah, I know, said Ron, giving her a squeeze. But you know what he'd say to us if he was here?'C-constant vigilance,' said Hermione, mopping her eyes.That's right, said Ron, nodding. He'd tell us to learn from what happened to him. And what I've learned is not to trust that cowardly little squit, Mundungus.Hermione gave a shaky laugh and leaned forward to pick up two more books. A second later, Ron had snatched his arm back from around her shoulders	 she had dropped The Monster of Monsters on his foot. The book had broken free from its restraining belt and snapped viciously at Ron's ankle.I'm sorry, I'm sorry! Hermione cried as Harry wrenched the book from Ron's leg and retied it shit.What are you doing with all those books anyway? Ron asked, limping back to his bed.Just trying to decide which ones to take with us, said Hermione, When we're looking for the Horcruxes.Oh, of course, said Ron, clapping a hand to his forehead. I forgot we'll be hunting down Voldemort in a mobile library.Ha ha, said Hermione, looking down at Spellman's Syllabary. I wonder... will we need to translate runes? It's possible.... I think we'd better take it, to be safe.She dropped the syllabary onto the larger of the two piles and picked up Hogwarts, A History.Listen, said Harry.He had sat up straight. Ron and Hermione looked at him with similar mixtures of resignation and defiance.I know you said after Dumbledore's funeral that you wanted to come with me, Harry began.Here he goes, Ron said to Hermione, rolling his eyes.As we knew he would, he sighed, turning back to the books. You know, I think I will take Hogwarts, A History. Even if we're not going back there, I don't think I'd feel right if I didn't have it with C Listen! said Harry again.No, Harry, you listen, said Hermione. We're coming with you. That was decided months ago C years, really.But C Shut up, Ron advised him.C are you sure you've thought this through? Harry persisted.Let's see, said Hermione, slamming Travels with Trolls onto the discarded pile with a rather fierce look. I've been packing for days, so we're ready to leave at a moment's notice, which for your information has included doing some pretty difficult magic, not to mention smuggling Mad-Eye's whole stock of Polyjuice Potion right under Ron's mum's nose.I've also modified my parents' memories so that they're convinced they're really called Wendell and Monica Wilkins, and that their life's ambition is to move to Australia, which they have now done. That's to make it more difficult for Voldemort to track them down and interrogate them about me C or you, because unfortunately, I've told them quite a bit about you.Assuming I survive our hunt for the Horcruxes, I'll find Mum and Dad and lift the enchantment. If I don't C well, I think I've cast a good enough charm to keep them safe and happy. Wendell and Monica Wilkins don't know that they've got a daughter, you see.Hermione's eyes were swimming with tears again. Ron got back off the bed, put his arm around her once more, and frowned at Harry as though reproaching him for lack of tact. Harry could not think of anything to say, not least because it was highly unusual for Ron to be teaching anyone else tact.I C Hermione, I'm sorry C I didn't C Didn't realize that Ron and I know perfectly well what might happen if we come with you? Well, we do. Ron, show Harry what you've done.Nah, he's just eaten, said Ron.Go on, he needs to know!Oh, all right. Harry, come here.For the second time Ron withdrew his arm from around Hermione and stumped over to the door.C'mon.Why? Harry asked, following Ron out of the room onto the tiny landing.Descendo, muttered Ron, pointing his wand at the low ceiling. A hatch opened right over their heads and a ladder slid down to their feet. A horrible, half-sucking, half-moaning sound came out of the square hole, along with an unpleasant smell like open drains.That's your ghoul, isn't it? asked Harry, who had never actually met the creature that sometimes disrupted the nightly silence.Yeah, it is, said Ron, climbing the ladder. Come and have a look at him.Harry followed Ron up the few short steps into the tiny attic space. His head and shoulders were in the room before he caught sight of the creature curled up a few feet from him, fast asleep in the gloom with its large mouth wide open.But it... it looks... do ghouls normally wear pajamas?No, said Ron. Nor have they usually got red hair or that number of pustules.Harry contemplated the thing, slightly revolted. It was human in shape and size, and was wearing what, now that Harry's eyes became used to the darkness, was clearly an old pair of Ron's pajamas. He was also sure that ghouls were generally rather slimy and bald, rather than distinctly hairy and covered in angry purple blisters.He's me, see? said Ron.No, said Harry. I don't.I'll explain it back in my room, the smell's getting to me, said Ron. They climbed back down the ladder, which Ron returned to the ceiling, and rejoined Hermione, who was still sorting books.Once we've left, the ghoul's going to come and live down here in my room, said Ron. I think he's really looking forward to it C well, it's hard to tell, because all he can do is moan and drool C but he nods a lot when you mention it. Anyway, he's going to be me with spattergroit. Good, eh?Harry merely looked his confusion.It is! said Ron, clearly frustrated that Harry had not grasped the brilliance of the plan. Look, when we three don't turn up at Hogwarts again, everyone's going to think Hermione and I must be with you, right? Which means the Death Eaters will go straight for our families to see if they've got information on where you are.But hopefully it'll look like I've gone away with Mum and Dad	 a lot of Muggle-borns are talking about going into hiding at the moment, said Hermione.We can't hide my whole family, it'll look too fishy and they can't all leave their jobs, said Ron. So we're going to put out the story that I'm seriously ill with spattergroit, which is why I can't go back to school. If anyone comes calling to investigate, Mum or Dad can show them the ghoul in my bed, covered in pustules. Spattergroit's really contagious, so they're not going to want to go near him. It won't matter that he can't say anything, either, because apparently you can't once the fungus has spread to your uvula.And your mum and dad are in on this plan? asked Harry.Dad is. He helped Fred and George transform the ghoul. Mum... well, you've seen what she's like. She won't accept we're going till we're gone.There was silence in the room, broken only by gentle thuds as Hermione continued to throw books onto one pile or the other. Ron sat watching her, and Harry looked from one to the other, unable to say anything. The measure they had taken to protect their families made him realize, more than anything else could have done, that they really were going to come with him and that they knew exactly how dangerous that would be. He wanted to tell them what that meant to him, but he simply could not find words important enough.Through the silence came the muffled sounds of Mrs. Weasley shouting from four floors below.Ginny's probably left a speck of dust on a poxy napkin ring, said Ron. I dunno why the Delacours have got to come two days before the wedding.Fleur's sister's a bridesmaid, she needs to be here for the rehearsal, and she's too young to come on her own, said Hermione, as she pored indecisively over Break with a Banshee.Well, guests aren't going to help Mum's stress levels, said Ron.What we really need to decide, said Hermione, tossing Defensive Magical Theory into the bin without a second glance and picking up An Appraisal of Magical Education in Europe, is where we're going after we leave here. I know you said you wanted to go to Godric's Hollow first, Harry, and I understand why, but... well... shouldn't we make the Horcruxes our priority?If we knew where any of the Horcruxes were, I'd agree with you, said Harry, who did not believe that Hermione really understood his desire to return to Godric's Hollow. His parents' graves were only part of the attraction: He had a strong, though inexplicable, feeling that the place held answers for him. Perhaps it was simply because it was there that he had survived Voldemort's Killing Curse	 now that he was facing the challenge of repeating the feat, Harry was drawn to the place where it had happened, wanting to understand.Don't you think there's a possibility that Voldemort's keeping a watch on Godric's Hollow? Hermione asked. He might expect you to go back and visit your parents' graves once you're free to go wherever you like?This had not occurred to Harry. While he struggled to find a counterargument, Ron spoke up, evidently following his own train of thought.This R.A.B. person, he said. You know, the one who stole the real locket?Hermione nodded.He said in his note he was going to destroy it, didn't he?Harry dragged his rucksack toward him and pulled out the fake Horcrux in which R.A.B.'s note was still folded.'I have stolen the real Horcrux and intend to destroy it as soon as I can.' Harry read out.Well, what if he did finish it off? said Ron.Or she. Interposed Hermione.Whichever, said Ron. it'd be one less for us to do!Yes, but we're still going to have to try and trace the real locket, aren't we? said Hermione, to find out whether or not it's destroyed.And once we get hold of it, how do you destroy a Horcrux? asked Ron.Well, said Hermione, I've been researching that.How? asked Harry. I didn't think there were any books on Horcruxes in the library?There weren't, said Hermione, who had turned pink. Dumbledore removed them all, but he C he didn't destroy them.Ron sat up straight, wide-eyed.How in the name of Merlin's pants have you managed to get your hands on those Horcrux books?It C it wasn't stealing! said Hermione, looking from Harry to Ron with a kind of desperation. They were still library books, even if Dumbledore had taken them off the shelves. Anyway, if he really didn't want anyone to get at them, I'm sure he would have made it much harder to C Get to the point! said Ron.Well... it was easy, said Hermione in a small voice. I just did a Summoning Charm. You know C Accio. And C they zoomed out of Dumbledore's study window right into the girls' dormitory.But when did you do this? Harry asked, regarding Hermione with a mixture of admiration and incredulity.Just after his C Dumbledore's C funeral, said Hermione in an even smaller voice. Right after we agreed we'd leave school and go and look for the Horcruxes. When I went back upstairs to get my things it C it just occurred to me that the more we knew about them, the better it would be... and I was alone in there... so I tried... and it worked. They flew straight in through the open window and I C I packed them.She swallowed and then said imploringly, I can't believe Dumbledore would have been angry, it's not as though we're going to use the information to make a Horcrux, is it?Can you hear us complaining? said Ron. Where are these books anyway?Hermione rummaged for a moment and then extracted from the pile a large volume, bound in faded black leather. She looked a little nauseated and held it as gingerly as if it were something recently dead.This is the one that gives explicit instructions on how to make a Horcrux. Secrets of the Darkest Art C it's a horrible book, really awful, full of evil magic. I wonder when Dumbledore removed it from the library.... if he didn't do it until he was headmaster, I bet Voldemort got all the instruction he needed from here.Why did he have to ask Slughorn how to make a Horcrux, then, if he'd already read that? asked Ron.He only approached Slughorn to find out what would happen if you split your soul into seven, said Harry. Dumbledore was sure Riddle already knew how to make a Horcrux by the time he asked Slughorn about them. I think you're right, Hermione, that could easily have been where he got the information.And the more I've read about them, said Hermione, the more horrible they seem, and the less I can believe that he actually made six. It warns in this book how unstable you make the rest of your soul by ripping it, and that's just by making one Horcrux!Harry remembered what Dumbledore had said about Voldemort moving beyond usual evil.Isn't there any way of putting yourself back together? Ron asked.Yes, said Hermione with a hollow smile, but it would be excruciatingly painful.Why? How do you do it? asked Harry.Remorse, said Hermione. You've got to really feel what you've done. There's a footnote. Apparently the pain of it can destroy you. I can't see Voldemort attempting it somehow, can you?No, said Ron, before Harry could answer. So does it say how to destroy Horcruxes in that book?Yes, said Hermione, now turning the fragile pages as if examining rotting entrails, because it warns Dark wizards how strong they have to make the enchantments on them. From all that I've read, what Harry did to Riddle's diary was one of the few really foolproof ways of destroying a Horcrux.What, stabbing it with a basilisk fang? asked Harry.Oh well, lucky we've got such a large supply of basilisk fangs, then, said Ron. I was wondering what we were going to do with them.It doesn't have to be a basilisk fang, said Hermione patiently. It has to be something so destructive that the Horcrux can't repair itself. Basilisk venom only has one antidote, and it's incredibly rare C C phoenix tears, said Harry, nodding.Exactly, said Hermione. Our problem is that there are very few substances as destructive as basilisk venom, and they're all dangerous to carry around with you. That's a problem we're going to have to solve, though, because ripping, smashing, or crushing a Horcrux won't do the trick. You've got to put it beyond magical repair.But even if we wreck the thing it lives in, said Ron, why can't the bit of soul in it just go and live in something else?Because a Horcrux is the complete opposite of a human being.Seeing that Harry and Ron looked thoroughly confused, Hermione hurried on. Look, if I picked up a sword right now, Ron, and ran you through with it, I wouldn't damage your soul at all.Which would be a real comfort to me, I'm sure, said Ron. Harry laughed.It should be, actually! But my point is that whatever happens to your body, your soul will survive, untouched, said Hermione. But it's the other way round with a Horcrux. The fragment of soul inside it depends on its container, its enchanted body, for survival. It can't exist without it.That diary sort of died when I stabbed it, said Harry, remembering ink pouring like blood from the punctured pages, and the screams of the piece of Voldemort's soul as it vanished.And once the diary was properly destroyed, the bit of soul trapped in it could no longer exist. Ginny tried to get rid of the diary before you did, flushing it away, but obviously it came back good as new.Hang on, said Ron, frowning. The bit of soul in that diary was possessing Ginny, wasn't it? How does that work, then?While the magical container is still intact, the bit of soul inside it can flit in and out of someone if they get too close to the object. I don't mean holding it for too long, it's nothing to do with touching it, she added before Ron could speak. I mean close emotionally. Ginny poured her heart out into that diary, she made herself incredibly vulnerable. You're in trouble if you get too fond of or dependent on the Horcrux.I wonder how Dumbledore destroyed the ring? said Harry. Why didn't I ask him? I never really...His voice trailed away: He was thinking of all the things he should have asked Dumbledore, and of how, since the headmaster had died, it seemed to Harry that he had wasted so many opportunities when Dumbledore had been alive, to find out more... to find out everything....The silence was shattered as the bedroom door flew open with a wall-shaking crash. Hermione shrieked and dropped Secrets of the Darkest Art	 Crookshanks streaked under the bed, hissing indignantly	 Ron jumped off the bed, skidded on a discarded Chocolate Frog wrapper, and smacked his head on the opposite wall
Deathly Hallows=He was walking along a mountain road in the cool blue light of dawn. Far below, swathed in mist, was the shadow of a small town. Was the man he sought down there, the man he needed so badly he could think of little else, the man who held the answer, the answer to his problem...?Oi, wake up.Harry opened his eyes. He was lying again on the camp bed in Ron's dingy attic room. The sun had not yet risen and the room was still shadowy. Pigwidgeon was asleep with his head under his tiny wing. The scar on Harry's forehead was prickling.You were muttering in your sleep.Was I?Yeah. 'Gregorovitch.' You kept saying 'Gregorovitch.'Harry was not wearing his glasses	 Ron's face appeared slightly blurred.Who's Gregorovitch?I dunno, do I? You were the one saying it.Harry rubbed his forehead, thinking. He had a vague idea he had heard the name before, but he could not think where.I think Voldemort's looking for him.Poor bloke, said Ron fervently.Harry sat up, still rubbing his scar, now wide awake. He tried to remember exactly what he had seen in the dream, but all that came back was a mountainous horizon and the outline of the little village cradled in a deep valley.I think he's abroad.Who, Gregorovitch?Voldemort. I think he's somewhere abroad, looking for Gregorovitch. It didn't look like anywhere in Britain.You reckon you were seeing into his mind again?Ron sounded worried.Do me a favor and don't tell Hermione, said Harry. Although how she expects me to stop seeing stuff in my sleep...He gazed up at little Pigwidgeon's cage, thinking...Why was the name Gregorovitch familiar?I think, he said slowly, he's got something to do with Quidditch. There's some connection, but I can'tCI can't think what it is.Quidditch? said Ron. Sure you're not thinking of Gorgovitch?Who?Dragomir Gorgovitch, Chaser, transferred to the Chudley Cannons for a record fee two years ago. Record holder for most Quaffle drops in a season.No, said Harry. I'm definitely not thinking of Gorgovitch.I try not to either, said Ron. Well, happy birthday anyway.Wow C that's right, I forgot! I'm seventeen!Harry seized the wand lying beside his camp bed, pointed it at the cluttered desk where he had left his glasses, and said, Accio Glasses! Although they were only around a foot away, there was something immensely satisfying about seeing them zoom toward him, at least until they poked him in the eye.Slick, snorted Ron.Reveling in the removal of his Trace, Harry sent Ron's possessions flying around the room, causing Pigwidgeon to wake up and flutter excitedly around his cage. Harry also tried tying the laces of his trainers by magic (the resultant knot took several minutes to untie by hand) and, purely for the pleasure of it, turned the orange robes on Ron's Chudley Cannons posters bright blue.I'd do your fly by hand, though, Ron advised Harry, sniggering when Harry immediately checked it. Here's your present. Unwrap it up here, it's not for my mother's eyes.A book? said Harry as he took the rectangular parcel. Bit of a departure from tradition, isn't it?This isn't your average book, said Ron. It'd pure gold: Twelve Fail-Safe Ways to Charm Witches. Explains everything you need to know about girls. If only I'd had this last year I'd have known exactly how to get rid of Lavender and I would've known how to get going with... Well, Fred and George gave me a copy, and I've learned a lot. You'd be surprised, it's not all about wandwork, either.When they arrived in the kitchen they found a pile of presents waiting on the table. Bill and Monsieur Delacour were finishing their breakfasts, while Mrs. Weasley stood chatting to them over the frying pan.Arthur told me to wish you a happy seventeenth, Harry, said Mrs. Weasley, beaming at him. He had to leave early for work, but he'll be back for dinner. That's our present on top.Harry sat down, took the square parcel she had indicated, and unwrapped it. Inside was a watch very like the one Mr. and Mrs. Weasley had given Ron for his seventeenth	 it was gold, with stars circling around the race instead of hands.It's traditional to give a wizard a watch when he comes of age, said Mrs. Weasley, watching him anxiously from beside the cooker. I'm afraid that one isn't new like Ron's, it was actually my brother Fabian's and he wasn't terribly careful with his possessions, it's a bit dented on the back, butCThe rest of her speech was lost	 Harry had got up and hugged her. He tried to put a lot of unsaid things into the hug and perhaps she understood them, because she patted his cheek clumsily when he released her, then waved her wand in a slightly random way, causing half a pack of bacon to flop out of the frying pan onto the floor.Happy birthday, Harry! said Hermione, hurrying into the kitchen and adding her own present to the top of the pile. It's not much, but I hope you like it. What did you get him? she added to Ron, who seemed not to hear her.Come on, then, open Hermione's! said Ron.She had bought him a new Sneakoscope. The other packages contained an enchanted razor from Bill and Fleur (Ah yes, zis will give you ze smoothest shave you will ever 'ave, Monsieur Delacour assured him, but you must tell it clearly what you want...ozzerwise you might find you 'ave a leetle less hair zan you would like...), chocolates from the Delacours, and an enormous box of the latest Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes merchandise from Fred and George.Harry, Ron, and Hermione did not linger at the table, as the arrival of Madame Delacour, Fleur, and Gabrielle made the kitchen uncomfortably crowded.I'll pack these for you, Hermione said brightly, taking Harry's presents out of his arms as the three of them headed back upstairs. I'm nearly done, I'm just waiting for the rest of your underpants to come out of the wash, RonCRon's splutter was interrupted by the opening of a door on the first-floor landing.Harry, will you come in here a moment?It was Ginny. Ron came to an abrupt halt, but Hermione took him by the elbow and tugged him on up the stairs. Feeling nervous, Harry followed Ginny into her room.He had never been inside it before. It was small, but bright. There was a large poster of the Wizarding band the Weird Sisters on one wall, and a picture of Gwenog Jones, Captain of the all-witch Quidditch team the Holyhead Harpies, on the other. A desk stood facing the open window, which looked out over the orchard where he and Ginny had once played a two-a-side Quidditch with Ron and Hermione, and which now housed a large, pearly white marquee. The golden flag on top was level with Ginny's window.Ginny looked up into Harry's face, took a deep breath, and said, Happy seventeenth.Yeah...thanks.She was looking at him steadily	 he however, found it difficult to look back at her	 it was like gazing into a brilliant light.Nice view, he said feebly, pointing toward with window.She ignored this. He could not blame her.I couldn't think what to get you, she said.You didn't have to get me anything.She disregarded this too.I didn't know what would be useful. Nothing too big, because you wouldn't be able to take it with you.He chanced a glance at her. She was not tearful	 that was one of the many wonderful things about Ginny, she was rarely weepy. He had sometimes thought that having six brothers must have toughened her up.She took a step closer to him.So then I thought, I'd like you to have something to remember me by, you know, if you meet some veela when you're off doing whatever you're doing.I think dating opportunities are going to be pretty thin on the ground, to be honest.There's the silver lining I've been looking for, she whispered, and then she was kissing him as she had never kissed him before, and Harry was kissing her back, and it was blissful oblivion better than firewhisky	 she was the only real thing in the world, Ginny, the feel of her, one hand at her back and one in her long, sweet-smelling hairC The door banged open behind them and they jumped apart.Oh, said Ron pointedly. Sorry.Ron! Hermione was just behind him, slight out of breath. There was a strained silence, then Ginny had said in a flat little voice, Well, happy birthday anyway, Harry.Ron's ears were scarlet	 Hermione looked nervous. Harry wanted to slam the door in their faces, but it felt as though a cold draft had entered the room when the door opened, and his shining moment had popped like a soap bubble. All the reasons for ending his relationship with Ginny, for staying well away from her, seemed to have slunk inside the room with Ron, and all happy forgetfulness was gone.He looked at Ginny, wanting to say something, though he hardly knew what, but she had turned her back on him. He thought that she might have succumbed, for once, to tears. He could not do anything to comfort her in front of Ron.I'll see you later, he said, and followed the other two out of the bedroom.Ron marched downstairs, though the still-crowded kitchen and into the yard, and Harry kept pace with him all the way, Hermione trotting along behind them looking scared.Once he reached the seclusion of the freshly mown lawn, Ron rounded on Harry.You ditched her. What are you doing now, messing her around?I'm not messing her around, said Harry, as Hermione caught up with them.RonCBut Ron held up a hand to silence her.She was really cut up when you ended itCSo was I. You know why I stopped it, and it wasn't because I wanted to.Yeah, but you go snogging her now and she's just going to get her hopes up againCShe's not an idiot, she knows it can't happen, she's not expecting us toCto end up married, orCAs he said it, a vivid picture formed in Harry's mind of Ginny in a white dress, marrying a tall, faceless, and unpleasant stranger.In one spiraling moment it seemed to hit him: Her future was free and unencumbered, whereas his...he could see nothing but Voldemort ahead.If you keep groping her every chance you getCIt won't happen again, said Harry harshly. The day was cloudless, but he felt as though the sun had gone in. Okay?Ron looked half resentful, half sheepish	 he rocked backward and forward on his feet for a moment, then said, Right then, well, that's...yeah.Ginny did not seek another one-to-one meeting with Harry for the rest of the day, nor by any look or gesture did she show that they had shared more than polite conversation in her room. Nevertheless, Charlie's arrival came as a relief to Harry. It provided a distraction, watching Mrs. Weasley force Charlie into a chair, raise her wand threateningly, and announce that he was about to get a proper haircut.As Harry's birthday dinner would have stretched the Burrow's kitchen to breaking point even before the arrival of Charlie, Lupin, Tonks, and Hagrid, several tables were placed end to end in the garden. Fred and George bewitched a number of purple lanterns all emblazoned with a large number 17, to hang in midair over the guests. Thanks to Mrs. Weasley's ministrations, George's wound was neat and clean, but Harry was not yet used to the dark hole in the side of his head, despite the twins' many jokes about it.Hermione made purple and gold streamers erupt from the end of her wand and drape themselves artistically over the trees and bushes.Nice, said Ron, as with one final flourish of her wand, Hermione turned the leaves on the crabapple tree to gold. You've really got an eye for that sort of thing.Thank you, Ron! said Hermione, looking both pleased and a little confused. Harry turned away, smiling to himself. He had a funny notion that he would find a chapter on compliments when he found time to peruse his copy of Twelve Fail-Safe Ways to Charm Witches	 he caught Ginny's eye and grinned at her before remembering his promise to Ron and hurriedly striking up a conversation with Monsieur Delacour.Out of the way, out of the way! sang Mrs. Weasley, coming through the gate with what appeared to be a giant, beach-ball-sized Snitch floating in front of her. Seconds later Harry realized that it was his birthday cake, which Mrs. Weasley was suspending with her wand, rather than risk carrying it over the uneven ground. When the cake had finally landed in the middle of the table, Harry said, That looks amazing, Mrs. Weasley.Oh, it's nothing, dear, she said fondly. Over her shoulder, Ron gave Harry the thumbs-up and mouthed, Good one.By seven o'clock all the guests had arrived, led into the house by Fred and George, who had waited for them at the end of the lane. Hagrid had honored the occasion by wearing his best, and horrible, hairy brown suit. Although Lupin smiled as he shook Harry's hand, Harry thought he looked rather unhappy. It was all very odd	 Tonks, beside him, looked simply radiant.Happy birthday, Harry, she said, hugging him tightly.Seventeen, eh! said Hagrid as he accepted a bucket-sized glass of wine from Fred. Six years ter the day since we met, Harry, d'yeh remember it?Vaguely, said Harry, grinning up at him. Didn't you smash down the front door, give Dudley a pig's tail, and tell me I was a wizard?I forge' the details, Hagrid chortled. All righ', Ron, Hermione?We're fine, said Hermione. How are you?Ar, not bad. Bin busy, we got some newborn unicorns. I'll show yeh when yeh get backC Harry avoided Ron's and Hermione's gazes as Hagrid rummaged in his pocket. Here. Harry C couldn't think what ter get teh, but then I remembered this. He pulled out a small, slightly furry drawstring pouch with a long string, evidently intended to be worn around the neck. Mokeskin. Hide anythin' in there an' no one but the owner can get it out. They're rare, them.Hagrid, thanks!'S'nothin', said Hagrid with a wave of a dustbin-lid-sized hand. An' there's Charlie! Always liked him C hey! Charlie!Charlie approached, running his hand slightly ruefully over his new, brutally short haircut. He was shorter than Ron, thickset, with a number of burns and scratches up his muscled arms.Hi, Hagrid, how's it going?Bin meanin' ter write fer ages. How's Norbert doin'?Norbert? Charlie laughed. The Norwegian Ridgeback? We call her Norberta now.Wha C Norbert's a girl?Oh yeah, said Charlie.How can you tell? asked Hermione.They're a lot more vicious, said Charlie. He looked over his shoulder and dropped his voice. Wish Dad would hurry up and get here. Mum's getting edgy.They all looked over at Mrs. Weasley. She was trying to talk to Madame Delacour while glancing repeatedly at the gate.I think we'd better start without Arthur, she called to the garden at large after a moment or two. He must have been held up at C oh!They all saw it at the same time: a streak of light that came flying across the yard and onto the table, where it resolved itself into a bright silver weasel, which stood on its hind legs and spoke with Mr. Weasley's voice.Minister of Magic coming with me.The Patronus dissolved into thin air, leaving Fleur's family peering in astonishment at the place where it had vanished.We shouldn't be here, said Lupin at once. Harry C I'm sorry C I'll explain some other timeCHe seized Tonks's wrist and pulled her away	 they reached the fence, climbed over it, and vanished from sight. Mrs. Weasley looked bewildered.The Minister C but whyC? I don't understandCBut there was no time to discuss the matter	 a second later, Mr. Weasley had appeared out of thin air at the gate, accompanied by Rufus Scrimgeour, instantly recognizable by his mane of grizzled hair.The two newcomers marched across the yard toward the garden and the lantern-lit table, where everybody sat in silence, watching them draw closer. As Scrimgeour came within range of the lantern light. Harry saw that he looked much older than the last time that had met, scraggy and grim.Sorry to intrude, said Scrimgeour, as he limped to a halt before the table. Especially as I can see that I am gate-crashing a party.His eyes lingered for a moment on the giant Snitch cake.Many happy returns.Thanks, said Harry.I require a private word with you, Scrimgeour went on. Also with Mr. Ronald Weasley and Miss Hermione Granger.Us? said Ron, sounding surprised. Why us?I shall tell you that when we are somewhere more private, said Scrimgeour. Is there such a place? he demanded of Mr. Weasley.Yes, of course, said Mr. Weasley, who looked nervous. The, er, sitting room, why don't you use that?You can lead the way, Scrimgeour said to Ron. There will be no need for you to accompany us, Arthur.Harry saw Mr. Weasley exchange a worried look with Mrs. Weasley as he, Ron, and Hermione stood up. As they led the way back to the house in silence, Harry knew that the other two were thinking the same as he was
Deathly Hallows=Three o'clock on the following afternoon found Harry, Ron, Fred and George standing outside the great white marquee in the orchard, awaiting the arrival of the wedding guests. Harry had taken a large dose of Polyjuice Potion and was now the double of a redheaded Muggle boy from the local village, Ottery St. Catchpole, from whom Fred had stolen hairs using a Summoning Charm. The plan was to introduce Harry as Cousin Barny and trust to the great number of Weasley relatives to camouflage him.All four of them were clutching seating plans, so that they could help show people to the right seats. A host of white-robed waiters had arrived an hour earlier, along with a golden jacketed band, and all of these wizards were currently sitting a short distance away under a tree. Harry could see a blue haze of pipe smoke issuing from the spot. Behind Harry, the entrance to the marquee revealed rows and rows of fragile golden chairs set on either side of a long purple carpet. The supporting poles were entwined with white and gold flowers. Fred and George had fastened an enormous bunch of golden balloons over the exact point where Bill and Fleur would shortly become husband and wife. Outside, butterflies and bees were hovering lazily over the grass and hedgerow. Harry was rather uncomfortable. The Muggle boy whose appearance he was affecting was slightly fatter than him and his dress robes felt hot and tight in the full glare of a summer's day.When I get married, said Fred, tugging at the collar of his own robes, I won't be bothering with any of this nonsense. You can all wear what you like, and I'll put a full Body Bird Curse on Mum until it's all over.She wasn't too bad this morning, considering, said George. Cried a bit about Percy not being here, but who wants him. Oh blimey, brace yourselves, here they come, look.Brightly colored figures were appearing, one by one out of nowhere at the distant boundary of the yard. Within minutes a procession had formed, which began to snake its way up through the garden toward the marquee. Exotic flowers and bewitched birds fluttered on the witches' hats, while precious gems glittered from many of the wizards' cravats	 a hum of excited chatter grew louder and louder, drowning the sound of the bees as the crowd approached the tent.Excellent, I think I see a few veela cousins, said George, craning his neck for a better look. They'll need help understanding our English customs, I'll look after them....Not so fast, Your Holeyness, said Fred, and darting past the gaggle of middle-aged witches heading for the procession, he said, Here C permetiez moi to assister vous, to a pair of pretty French girls, who giggled and allowed him to escort them inside. George was left to deal with the middle-aged witches and Ron took charge of Mr. Weasley's old Ministry-colleague Perkins, while a rather deaf old couple fell to Harry's lot.Wotcher, said a familiar voice as he came out of the marquee again and found Tonks and Lupin at the front of the queue. She had turned blonde for the occasion. Arthur told us you were the one with the curly hair. Sorry about last night, she added in a whisper as Harry led them up the aisle. The Ministry's being very anti-werewolf at the museum and we thought our presence might not do you any favors.It's fine, I understand, said Harry, speaking more to Lupin than Tonks. Lupin gave him a swift smile, but as they turned away Harry saw Lupin's face fall again into lines of misery. He did not understand it, but there was no time to dwell on the matter. Hagrid was causing a certain amount of disruption. Having misunderstood Fred's directions as he had sat himself, not upon the magically enlarged and reinforced seat set aside for him in the back row, but on five sets that now resembled a large pile of golden matchsticks.While Mr. Weasley repaired the damage and Hagrid shouted apologies to anybody who would listen, Harry hurried back to the entrance to find Ron face-to-face with a most eccentric-looking wizard. Slightly cross-eyed, with shoulder-length white hair the texture of candyfloss, he wore a cap whose tassel dangled in front of his nose and robes of an eye-watering shade of egg-yolk yellow. An odd symbol, rather like a triangular eye, glistened from a golden chain around his neck.Xenophilius Lovegood, he said, extending a hand to Harry, my daughter and I live just over the hill, so kind of the good Weasleys to invite us. But I think you know my Luna? he added to Ron.Yes, said Ron. Isn't she with you?She lingered in that charming little garden to say hello to the gnomes, such a glorious infestation! How few wizards realize just how much we can learn from the wise little gnomes C or, to give them their correct name, the Gernumbli gardensi.Ours do know a lot of excellent swear words, said Ron, but I think Fred and George taught them those.He led a party of warlocks into the marquee as Luna rushed up.Hello, Harry! she said.Er C my name's Barry, said Harry, flummoxed.Oh, have you changed that too? she asked brightly.How did you know -?Oh, just your expression, she said.Like her father, Luna was wearing bright yellow robes, which she had accessorized with a large sunflower in her hair. Once you get over the brightness of it all, the general effect was quite pleasant. At least there were no radishes dangling from her ears.Xenophilius, who was deep in conversation with an acquaintance, had missed the exchange between Luna and Harry. Biding the wizard farewell, he turned to his daughter, who held up her finger and said, Daddy, look C one of the gnomes actually bit me.How wonderful! Gnome saliva is enormously beneficial. Said Mr. Lovegood, seizing Luna's outstretched fingers and examining the bleeding puncture marks. Luna, my love, if you should feel any burgeoning talent today C perhaps an unexpected urge to sing opera or to declaims in Mermish C do not repress it! You may have been gifted by the Gernumblies!Ron, passing them in the opposite direction let out a loud snort.Ron can laugh, said Luna serenely as Harry led her and Xenophilius toward their seats, but my father has done a lot of research on Gernumbli magic.Really? said Harry, who had long since decided not to challenge Luna or her father's peculiar views. Are you sure you don't want to put anything on that bite, though?Oh, it's fine, said Luna, sucking her finger in a dreamy fashion and looking Harry up and down. You look smart. I told Daddy most people would probably wear dress robes, but he believes you ought to wear sun colors to a wedding, for luck, you know.As she drifted off after her father, Ron reappeared with an elderly witch clutching his arm. Her beaky nose, red-rimmed eyes, and leathery pink hat gave her the look of a bad-tempered flamingo....and your hair's much too long, Ronald, for a moment I thought you were Ginevra. Merlin's beard, what is Xenophilius Lovegood wearing? He looks like an omelet. And who are you? she barked at Harry.Oh yeah, Auntie Muriel, this is our cousin Barny.Another Weasley? You breed like gnomes. Isn't Harry Potter here? I was hoping to meet him. I thought he was a friend of yours, Ronald, or have you merely been boasting?No C he couldn't come C Hmm. Made an excuse, did he? Not as gormless as he looks in press photographs, then. I've just been instructing the bride on how best to wear my tiara, she shouted at Harry. Goblin-made, you know, and been in my family for centuries. She's a good-looking girl, but still C French. Well, well, find me a good seat, Ronald, I am a hundred and seven and I ought not to be on my feet too long.Ron gave Harry a meaningful look as he passed and did not reappear for some time. When next they met at the entrance, Harry had shown a dozen more people to their places. The Marquee was nearly full now and for the first time there was no queue outside.Nightmare, Muriel is, said Ron, mopping his forehead on his sleeve. She used to come for Christmas every year, then, thank God, she took offense because Fred and George set off a Dungbomb under her chair at diner. Dad always says she'll have written them out of her will C like they care, they're going to end up richer than anyone in the family, rate they're going... Wow, he added, blinking rather rapidly as Hermione came hurrying toward them. You look great!Always the tone of surprise, said Hermione, though she smiled. She was wearing a floaty, lilac-colored dress with matching high heels	 her hair was sleek and shiny. Your Great-Aunt Muriel doesn't agree, I just met her upstairs while she was giving Fleur the tiara. She said, 'Oh dear, is this the Muggle-born?' and then, 'Bad posture and skinny ankles.'Don't take it personally, she's rude to everyone, said Ron.Talking about Muriel? inquired George, reemerging from the marquee with Fred. Yeah, she's just told me my ears are lopsided. Old bat. I wish old Uncle Bilius was still with us, though	 he was a right laugh at weddings.Wasn't he the one who saw a Grim and died twenty-four hours later? asked Hermione.Well, yeah, he went a bit odd toward the end, conceded George.But before he went loopy he was the life and soul of the party, said Fred. He used to down an entire bottle of firewhisky, then run onto the dance floor, hoist up his robes, and start pulling bunches of flowers out of his C Yes, he sounds a real charmer, said Hermione, while Harry roared with laughter.Never married, for some reason, said Ron.You amaze me, said Hermione.They were all laughing so much that none of them noticed the latecomer, a dark-haired young man with a large, curved nose and thick black eyebrows, until he held out his invitation to Ron and said, with his eyes on Hermione, You look vunderful.Viktor! she shrieked, and dropped her small beaded bag, which made a loud thump quite disproportionate to its size. As she scrambled, blushing, to pick it up, she said I didn't know you were C goodness C it's lovely to see C how are you?Ron's ears had turned bright red again. After glancing at Krum's invitation as if he did not believe a word of it, he said, much too loudly, how come you're here?Fleur invited me, said Krum, eyebrows raised.Harry, who had no grudge against Krum, shook hands	 then feeling that it would be prudent to remove Krum from Ron's vicinity, offered to show him his seat.Your friend is not pleased to see me, said Krum, as they entered the now packed marquee. Or is he a relative? he added with a glance at Harry's red curly hair.Cousin. Harry muttered, but Krum was not really listening. His appearance was causing a stir, particularly amongst the veela cousins: He was, after all, a famous Quidditch player. While people were still craning their necks to get a good look at him, Ron, Hermione, Fred, and George came hurrying down the aisle.Time to sit down, Fred told Harry, or we're going to get run over by the bride.Harry, Ron and Hermione took their seats in the second row behind Fred and George. Hermione looked rather pink and Ron's ears were still scarlet. After a few moments he muttered to Harry, Did you see he's grown a stupid little beard?Harry gave a noncommittal grunt.A sense of jittery anticipation had filled the warm tent, the general murmuring broken by occasional spurts of excited laughter. Mr. and Mrs. Weasley strolled up the aisle, smiling and waving at relatives	 Mrs. Weasley was wearing a brand-new set of amethyst colored robes with a matching hat.A moment later Bill and Charlie stood up at the front of the marquee, both wearing dress robes, with larger white roses in their buttonholes	 Fred wolf-whistled and there was an outbreak of giggling from the veela cousins. Then the crowd fell silent as music swelled from what seemed to be the golden balloons.Ooooh! said Hermione, swiveling around in her seat to look at the entrance.A great collective sigh issued from the assembled witches and wizards as Monsieur Delacour and Fleur came walking up the aisle, Fleur gliding, Monsieur Delacour bouncing and beaming. Fleur was wearing a very simple white dress and seemed to be emitting a strong, silvery glow. While her radiance usually dimmed everyone else by comparison, today it beautified everybody it fell upon. Ginny and Gabrielle, both wearing golden dresses, looked even prettier than usual and once Fleur had reached for him, Bill did not look as though he had ever met Fenrit Greyback.Ladies and gentlemen, said a slightly singsong voice, and with a slight shock, Harry saw the same small, tufty-hired wizard who had presided at Dumbledore's funeral, now standing in front of Bill and Fleur. We are gathered here today to celebrate the union of two faithful souls...Yes, my tiara set off the whole thing nicely, said Auntie Muriel in a rather carrying whisper. But I must say, Ginevra's dress is far too low cut.Ginny glanced around, grinning, winked at Harry, then quickly faced the front again. Harry's mind wandered a long way from the marquee, back to the afternoons spent alone with Ginny in lonely parts of the school grounds. They seemed so long ago	 they had always seemed too good to be true, as though he had been stealing shining hours from a normal person's life, a person without a lightning-shaped scar on his forehead....Do you, William Arthur, take Fleur Isabelle...?In the front row, Mrs. Weasley and Madame Delacour were both sobbing quietly into scraps of lace. Trumpetlike sounds from the back of the marquee told everyone that Hagrid had taken out one of his own tablecloth-sized handkerchiefs. Hermione turned around and beamed at Harry	 her eyes too were full of tears....then I declare you bonded for life.The tufty-haired wizard waved his hand high over the heads of Bill and Fleur and a shower of silver stars fell upon them, spiraling around their now entwined figures. As Fred and George led a round of applause, the golden balloons overhead burst. Birds of paradise and tiny golden bells flew and floated out of them, adding their songs and chimes to the din.Ladies and gentlemen! called the tufty-haired wizard. If you would please stand up!They all did so, Auntie Muriel grumbling audibly	 he waved his wand again. The scars on which they had been sitting rose gracefully into the air as the canvas walls of the marquee vanished, so that they stood beneath a canopy supported by golden poles, with a glorious view of the sunlit orchard and surrounding countryside. Next, a pool of molten gold spread from the center of the tent to form a gleaming dance floor	 the hovering chairs grouped themselves around small, white-clothed tables, which all floated gracefully back to earth round it, and the golden-jacketed hand trooped toward a podium.Smooth, said Ron approvingly as the waiters popped up on all sides, some hearing silver trays of pumpkin juice, butterbeer, and firewhisky, others tottering piles of tarts and sandwiches.We should go and congratulate them! said Hermione, standing on tiptoe to see the place where Bill and Fleur had vanished amid a crowd of well-wishers.We'll have time later, shrugged Ron, snatching three butterbeers from a passing tray and handing one to Harry. Hermione, cop hold, let's grab a table.... Not there! Nowhere near Muriel C Ron led the way across the empty dance floor, glancing left and right as he went	 Harry felt sure that he was keeping an eye out for Krum. By the time they had reached the other side of the marquee, most of the tables were occupied: The emptiest was the one where Luna sat alone.All right if we join you? asked Ron.Oh yes, she said happily. Daddy's just gone to give Bill and Fleur our present.What is it, a lifetime's supply of Gurdyroots? asked Ron.Hermione aimed a kick at him under the table, but caught Harry instead. Eyes watering in pain, Harry lost track of the conversation for a few moments.The band had begun to play, Bill and Fleur took to the dance floor first, to great applause	 after a while, Mr. Weasley led Madame Delacour onto the floor, followed by Mr. Weasley and Fleur's father.I like this song, said Luna, swaying in time to the waltzlike tune, and a few seconds later she stood up and glided onto the dance floor, where she revolved on the spot, quite alone, eyes closed and waving her arms.She's great isn't she? said Ron admiringly. Always good value.But the smile vanished from his face at once: Viktor Krum had dropped into Luna's vacant seat. Hermione looked pleasurably flustered but this time Krum had not come to compliment her. With a scowl on his face he said, Who is that man in the yellow?That's Xenophilius Lovegood, he's the father of a friend of ours, said Ron. His pugnacious tone indicated that they were not about to laugh at Xenophilius, despite the clear provocation. Come and dance, he added abruptly to Hermione.She looked taken aback, but pleased too, and got up. They vanished together into the growing throng on the dance floor.Ah, they are together now? asked Krum, momentarily distracted.Er C sort of, said Harry.Who are you? Krum asked.Barny Weasley.They shook hands.You, Barny C you know this man Lovegood well?No, I only met him today. Why?Krum glowered over the top of his drink, watching Xenophilius, who was chatting to several warlocks on the other side of the dance floor.Because, said Krum, If he vus not a guest of Fleur's I vould dud him, here and now, for veering that filthy sign upon his chest.Sign? said Harry, looking over at Xenophilius too. The strange triangular eye was gleaming on his chest. Why? What's wrong with it?Grindelvald. That is Grindelvald's sign.Grindelwald... the Dark wizard Dumbledore defeated?Exactly.Krum's jaw muscles worked as if he were chewing, then he said, Grindelvald killed many people, my grandfather, for instance. Of course, he vos never powerful in this country, they said he feared Dumbledore C and rightly, seeing how he vos finished. But this C he pointed a finger at Xenophilius C this is his symbol, I recognized it at vunce: Grindelvald carved it into a vall at Durmstrang ver he vos a pupil there. Some idiots copied it onto their books and clothes thinking to shock, make themselves impressive C until those of us who had lost family members to Grindelvald taught them better.Krum cracked his knuckles menacingly and glowered at Xenophilius. Harry felt perplexed. It seemed incredibly unlikely that Luna's father was a supporter of the Dark Arts, and nobody else in the tent seemed to have recognized the triangular, finlike shape.Are you C er C quite sure it's Grindelwald's -?I am not mistaken, said Krum coldly. I walked past that sign for several years, I know it vell.Well, there's a chance, said Harry, that Xenophilius doesn't actually know what the symbol means, the Lovegoods are quite... unusual. He could have easily picked it up somewhere and think it's a cross section of the head of a Crumple-Horned Snorkack or something.The cross section of a vot?Well, I don't know what they are, but apparently he and his daughter go on holiday looking for them....Harry felt he was doing a bad job explaining Luna and her father.That's her, he said, pointing at Luna, who was still dancing alone, waving her arms around her head like someone attempting to beat off midges.Vy is she doing that? asked Krum.Probably trying to get rid of a Wrackspurt, said Harry, who recognized the symptoms.Krum did not seem to know whether or not Harry was making fun of him. He drew his hand from inside his robe and tapped it menacingly on his thighs	 sparks flew out of the end.Gregorovitch! said Harry loudly, and Krum started, but Harry was too excited to care
Deathly Hallows=Everything seemed fuzzy, slow. Harry and Hermione jumped to their feet and drew their wands. Many people were only just realizing that something strange had happened	 heads were still turning toward the silver cat as it vanished. Silence spread outward in cold ripples from the place where the Patronus had landed. Then somebody screamed.Harry and Hermione threw themselves into the panicking crowd. Guests were sprinting in all directions	 many were Disapparating	 the protective enchantments around the Burrow had broken.Ron! Hermione cried. Ron, where are you?As they pushed their way across the dance floor, Harry saw cloaked and masked figures appearing in the crowd	 then he saw Lupin and Tonks, their wands raised, and heard both of them shout, Protego!, a cry that was echoed on all sides CRon! Ron! Hermione called, half sobbing as she and Harry were buffered by terrified guests: Harry seized her hand to make sure they weren't separated as a streak of light whizzed over their heads, whether a protective charm or something more sinister he did not know CAnd then Ron was there. He caught hold of Hermione's free arm, and Harry felt her turn on the spot	 sight and sound were extinguished as darkness pressed in upon him	 all he could feel was Hermione's hand as he was squeezed through space and time, away from the Burrow, away from the descending Death Eaters, away, perhaps, from Voldemort himself....Where are we? said Ron's voice.Harry opened his eyes. For a moment he thought they had not left the wedding after all	 They still seemed to be surrounded by people.Tottenham Court Road, panted Hermione. Walk, just walk, we need to find somewhere for you to change.Harry did as she asked. They half walked, half ran up the wide dark street thronged with late-night revelers and lined with closed shops, stars twinkling above them. A double-decker bus rumbled by and a group of merry pub-goers ogled them as they passed	 Harry and Ron were still wearing dress robes.Hermione, we haven't got anything to change into, Ron told her, as a young woman burst into raucous giggles at the sight of him.Why didn't I make sure I had the Invisibility Cloak with me? said Harry, inwardly cursing his own stupidity. All last year I kept it on me and C It's okay, I've got the Cloak, I've got clothes for both of you, said Hermione, Just try and act naturally until C this will do.She led them down a side street, then into the shelter of a shadowy alleyway.When you say you've got the Cloak, and clothes... said Harry, frowning at Hermione, who was carrying nothing except her small beaded handbag, in which she was now rummaging.Yes, they're here, said Hermione, and to Harry and Ron's utter astonishment, she pulled out a pair of jeans, a sweatshirt, some maroon socks, and finally the silvery Invisibility Cloak.How the ruddy hell C?Undetectable Extension Charm, said Hermione. Tricky, but I think I've done it okay	 anyway, I managed to fit everything we need in here. She gave the fragile-looking bag a little shake and it echoed like a cargo hold as a number of heavy objects rolled around inside it. Oh, damn, that'll be the books, she said, peering into it, and I had them all stacked by subject.... Oh well.... Harry, you'd better take the Invisibility Cloak. Ron, hurry up and change....When did you do all this? Harry asked as Ron stripped off his robes.I told you at the Burrow, I've had the essentials packed for days, you know, in case we needed to make a quick getaway. I packed your rucksack this morning, Harry, after you changed, and put it in here.... I just had a feeling....You're amazing, you are, said Ron, handing her his bundled-up robes.Thank you, said Hermione, managing a small smile as she pushed the robes into the bag. Please, Harry, get that Cloak on!Harry threw his Invisibility Cloak around his shoulders and pulled it up over his head, vanishing from sight. He was only just beginning to appreciate what had happened.The others C everybody at the wedding C We can't worry about that now, whispered Hermione. It's you they're after, Harry, and we'll just put everyone in even more danger by going back.She's right, said Ron, who seemed to know that Harry was about to argue, even if he could not see his face. Most of the Order was there, they'll look after everyone.Harry nodded, then remembered that they could not see him, and said, Yeah. But he thought of Ginny, and fear bubbled like acid in his stomach.Come on, I think we ought to keep moving, said Hermione.They moved back up the side street and onto the main road again, where a group of men on the opposite side was singing and weaving across the pavement.Just as a matter of interest, why Tottenham Court Road? Ron asked Hermione.I've no idea, it just popped into my head, but I'm sure we're safer out in the Muggle world, it's not where they'll expect us to be.True, said Ron, looking around, but don't you feel a bit C exposed?Where else is there? asked Hermione, cringing as the men on the other side of the road started wolf-whistling at her. We can hardly book rooms at the Leaky Cauldron, can we? And Grimmauld Place is out if Snape can get in there.... I suppose we could try my parents' home, though I think there's a chance they might check there.... Oh, I wish they'd shut up!All right, darling? the drunkest of the men on the other pavement was yelling. Fancy a drink? Ditch ginger and come and have a pint!Let's sit down somewhere, Hermione said hastily as Ron opened his mouth to shout back across the road. Look, this will do, in here!It was a small and shabby all-night caf. A light layer of grease lay on all the Formica-topped tables, but it was at least empty. Harry slipped into a booth first and Ron sat next to him opposite Hermione, who had her back to the entrance and did not like it: She glanced over her shoulder so frequently she appeared to have a twitch. Harry did not like being stationary	 walking had given the illusion that they had a goal. Beneath the Cloak he could feel the last vestiges of Polyjuice leaving him, his hands returning to their usual length and shape. He pulled his glasses out of his pocket and put them on again.After a minute or two, Ron said, You know, we're not far from the Leaky Cauldron here, it's only in Charing Cross C Ron, we can't! said Hermione at once.Not to stay there, but to find out what's going on!We know what's going on! Voldemort's taken over the Ministry, what else do we need to know?Okay, okay, it was just an idea!They relapsed into a prickly silence. The gum-chewing waitress shuffled over and Hermione ordered two cappuccinos: As Harry was invisible, it would have looked odd to order him one. A pair of burly workmen entered the caf and squeezed into the next booth. Hermione dropped her voice to a whisper.I say we find a quiet place to Disapparate and head for the countryside. Once we're there, we could send a message to the Order.Can you do that talking Patronus thing, then? asked Ron.I've been practicing and I think so, said Hermione.Well, as long as it doesn't get them into trouble, though they might've been arrested already. God, that's revolting, Ron added after one sip of the foamy, grayish coffee. The waitress had heard	 she shot Ron a nasty look as she shuffled off to take the new customers' orders. The larger of the two workmen, who was blond and quite huge, now that Harry came to look at him, waved her away. She stared, affronted.Let's get going, then, I don't want to drink this muck, said Ron. Hermione, have you got Muggle money to pay for this?Yes, I took out all my Building Society savings before I came to the Burrow. I'll bet all the change is at the bottom, sighed Hermione, reaching for her beaded bag.The two workmen made identical movements, and Harry mirrored them without conscious thought: All three of them drew their wands. Ron, a few seconds late in realizing what was going on, lunged across the table, pushing Hermione sideways onto her bench. The force of the Death Eaters' spells shattered the tiled wall where Ron's head had just been, as Harry, still invisible, yelled, Stupefy!The great blond Death Eater was hit in the face by a jet of red light: He slumped sideways, unconscious. His companion, unable to see who had cast the spell, fired another at Ron: Shining black ropes flew from his wand-tip and bound Ron head to foot C the waitress screamed and ran for the door C Harry sent another Stunning Spell at the Death Eater with the twisted face who had tied up Ron, but the spell missed, rebounded on the window, and hit the waitress, who collapsed in front of the door.Expulso! bellowed the Death Eater, and the table behind which Harry was standing blew up: The force of the explosion slammed him into the wall and he felt his wand leave his hand as the Cloak slipped off him.Petrificus Totalus! screamed Hermione from out of sight, and the Death Eater fell forward like a statue to land with a crunching thud on the mess of broken china, table, and coffee. Hermione crawled out from underneath the bench, shaking bits of glass ashtray out of her hair and trembling all over.D-diffindo, she said, pointing her wand at Ron, who roared in pain as she slashed open the knee of his jeans, leaving a deep cut. Oh, I'm so sorry, Ron, my hand's shaking! Diffindo!The severed ropes fell away. Ron got to his feet, shaking his arms to regain feeling in them. Harry picked up his wand and climbed over all the debris to where the large blond Death Eater was sprawled across the bench.I should've recognized him, he was there the night Dumbledore died, he said. He turned over the darker Death Eater with his foot	 the man's eyes moved rapidly between Harry, Ron and Hermione.That's Dolohov, said Ron. I recognize him from the old wanted posters. I think the big one's Thorfinn Rowle.Never mind what they're called! said Hermione a little hysterically. How did they find us? What are we going to do?Somehow her panic seemed to clear Harry's head.Lock the door, he told her, and Ron, turn out the lights.He looked down at the paralyzed Dolohov, thinking fast as the lock clicked and Ron used the Deluminator to plunge the caf into darkness. Harry could hear the men who had jeered at Hermione earlier, yelling at another girl in the distance.What are we going to do with them? Ron whispered to Harry through the dark	 then, even more quietly, Kill them? They'd kill us. They had a good go just now.Hermione shuddered and took a step backward. Harry shook his head.We just need to wipe their memories, said Harry. It's better like that, it'll throw them off the scent. If we killed them it'd be obvious we were here.You're the boss, said Ron, sounding profoundly relieved. But I've never down a Memory Charm.Nor have I, said Hermione, but I know the theory.She took a deep, calming breath, then pointed her wand at Dolohov's forehead and said, Obliviate.At once, Dolohov's eyes became unfocused and dreamy.Brilliant! said Harry, clapping her on the back. Take care of the other one and the waitress while Ron and I clear up.Clear up? said Ron, looking around at the partly destroyed caf. Why?Don't you think they might wonder what's happened if they wake up and find themselves in a place that looks like it's just been bombed?Oh right, yeah...Ron struggled for a moment before managing to extract his wand from his pocket.It's no wonder I can't get it out, Hermione, you packed my old jeans, they're tight.Oh, I'm so sorry, hissed Hermione, and as she dragged the waitress out of sight of the windows, Harry heard her mutter a suggestion as to where Ron could stick his wand instead.Once the caf was restored to its previous condition, they heaved the Death Eaters back into their booth and propped them up facing each other. But how did they find us? Hermione asked, looking from one inert man to the other. How did they know where we were?She turned to Harry.You C you don't think you've still got your Trace on you, do you, Harry?He can't have, said Ron. The Trace breaks at seventeen, that's Wizarding law, you can't put it on an adult.As far as you know, said Hermione. What if the Death Eaters have found a way to put it on a seventeen-year-old?But Harry hasn't been near a Death Eater in the last twenty-four hours. Who's supposed to have put a Trace back on him?Hermione did not reply. Harry felt contaminated, tainted: Was that really how the Death Eaters had found them?If I can't use magic, and you can't use magic near me, without us giving away our position C  he began.We're not splitting up! said Hermione firmly.We need a safe place to hide, said Ron. Give us time to think things through.Grimmauld Place, said Harry.The other two gaped.Don't be silly, Harry, Snape can get in there!Ron's dad said they've put up jinxes against him C and even if they haven't worked, he pressed on as Hermione began to argue so what? I swear, I'd like nothing better than to meet Snape!But C Hermione, where else is there? It's the best chance we've got. Snape's only one Death Eater. If I've still got the Trace on me, we'll have whole crowds of them on us wherever else we go.She could not argue, though she looked as if she would have liked to. While she unlocked the caf door, Ron clicked the Deluminator to release the caf's light. Then, on Harry's count of three, they reversed the spells upon their three victims, and before the waitress or either of the Death Eaters could do more than stir sleepily, Harry, Ron and Hermione had turned on the spot and vanished into the compressing darkness once more.Seconds later Harry's lungs expanded gratefully and he opened his eyes: They were now standing in the middle of a familiar small and shabby square. Tall, dilapidated houses looked down on them from every side. Number twelve was visible to them, for they had been told of its existence by Dumbledore, its Secret-Keeper, and they rushed toward it, checking every few yards that they were not being followed or observed. They raced up the stone steps, and Harry tapped the front door once with his wand. They heard a series of metallic clicks and the clatter of a chain, then the door swung open with a creak and they hurried over the threshold.As Harry closed the door behind them, the old-fashioned gas lamps sprang into life, casting flickering light along the length of the hallway. It looked just as Harry remembered it: eerie, cobwebbed, the outlines of the house-elf heads on the wall throwing odd shadows up the staircase. Long dark curtains concealed the portrait of Sirius's mother. The only thing that was out of place was the troll's leg umbrella stand, which was lying on its side as if Tonks had just knocked it over again.I think somebody's been in here, Hermione whispered, pointing toward it.That could've happened as the Order left, Ron murmured back.So where are these jinxes they put up against Snape? Harry asked.Maybe they're only activated if he shows up? suggested Ron.Yet they remained close together on the doormat, backs against the door, scared to move farther into the house.Well, we can't stay here forever, said Harry, and he took a step forward.Severus Snape?Mad-Eye Moody's voice whispered out of the darkness, making all three of them jump back in fright. We're not Snape! croaked Harry, before something whooshed over him like cold air and his tongue curled backward on itself, making it impossible to speak. Before he had time to feel inside his mouth, however, his tongue had unraveled again.The other two seemed to have experienced the same unpleasant sensation. Ron was making retching noises
Deathly Hallows=Harry woke early next morning, wrapped in a sleeping bag on the drawing room floor. A chink of sky was visible between the heavy curtains. It was the cool, clear blue of watered ink, somewhere between night and dawn, and everything was quiet except for Ron and Hermione's slow, deep breathing. Harry glanced over at the dark shapes they made on the floor beside him. Ron had had a fit of gallantry and insisted that Hermione sleep on the cushions from the sofa, so that her silhouette was raised above his. Her arm curved to the floor, her fingers inches from Ron's. Harry wondered whether they had fallen asleep holding hands. The idea made him feel strangely lonely.He looked up at the shadowy ceiling, the cobwebbed chandelier. Less than twenty-four house ago, he had been standing in the sunlight at the entrance to the marquee, waiting to show in wedding guests. It seemed a lifetime away. What was going to happen now? He lay on the floor and he thought of the Horcruxes, of the daunting complex mission Dumbledore had left him... Dumbledore...The grief that had possessed him since Dumbledore's death felt different now. The accusations he had heard from Muriel at the wedding seemed to have nested in his brain like diseased things, infecting his memories of the wizard he had idolized. Could Dumbledore have let such things happen? Had he been like Dudley, content to watch neglect and abuse as long as it did not affect him? Could he have turned his back on a sister who was being imprisoned and hidden?Harry thought of Godric's Hollow, of graves Dumbledore had never mentioned there	 he thought of mysterious objects left without explanation in Dumbledore's will, and resentment swelled in the darkness. Why hadn't Dumbledore told him? Why hadn't he explained? Had Dumbledore actually cared about Harry at all? Or had Harry been nothing more than a tool to be polished and honed, but not trusted, never confided in?Harry could not stand lying there with nothing but bitter thoughts for company. Desperate for something to do, for distraction, he slipped out of his sleeping bad, picked up his wand, and crept out of the room. On the landing he whispered, Lumos, and started to climb the stairs by wandlight.On the second landing was the bedroom in which he and Ron had slept last time they had been here	 he glanced into it. The wardrobe doors stood open and the bedclothes had been ripped back. Harry remembered the overturned troll leg downstairs. Somebody had searched the house since the Order had left. Snape? Or perhaps Mundungus, who had pilfered plenty from this house both before and after Sirius died? Harry's gaze wandered to the portrait that sometimes contained Phineas Nigellus Black, Sirius's great-great grandfather, but it was empty, showing nothing but a stretch of muddy backdrop. Phineas Nigellus was evidently spending the night in the headmaster's study at Hogwarts.Harry continued up the stairs until he reached the topmost landing where there were only two doors. The one facing him bore a nameplate reading Sirius. Harry had never entered his godfather's bedroom before. He pushed open the door, holding his wand high to cast light as widely as possible. The room was spacious and must once have been handsome. There was a large bed with a carved wooden headboard, a tall window obscured by long velvet curtains and a chandelier thickly coated in dust with candle scrubs still resting in its sockets, solid wax banging in frostlike drips. A fine film of dust covered the pictures on the walls and the bed's headboard	 a spiders web stretched between the chandelier and the top of the large wooden wardrobe, and as Harry moved deeper into the room, he head a scurrying of disturbed mice.The teenage Sirius had plastered the walls with so many posters and pictures that little of the wall's silvery-gray silk was visible. Harry could only assume that Sirius's parents had been unable to remove the Permanent Sticking Charm that kept them on the wall because he was sure they would not have appreciated their eldest son's taste in decoration. Sirius seemed to have long gone out of his way to annoy his parents. There were several large Gryffindor banners, faded scarlet and gold just to underline his difference from all the rest of the Slytherin family. There were many pictures of Muggle motorcycles, and also (Harry had to admire Sirius's nerve) several posters of bikini-clad Muggle girls. Harry could tell that they were Muggles because they remained quite stationary within their pictures, faded smiles and glazed eyes frozen on the paper. This was in contrast the only Wizarding photograph on the walls which was a picture of four Hogwarts students standing arm in arm, laughing at the camera.With a leap of pleasure, Harry recognized his father, his untidy black hair stuck up at the back like Harry's, and he too wore glasses. Beside him was Sirius, carelessly handsome, his slightly arrogant face so much younger and happier than Harry had ever seen it alive. To Sirius's right stood Pettigrew, more than a head shorter, plump and watery-eyed, flushed with pleasure at his inclusion in this coolest of gangs, with the much-admired rebels that James and Sirius had been. On James's left was Lupin, even then a little shabby-looking, but he had the same air of delighted surprise at finding himself liked and included or was it simply because Harry knew how it had been, that he saw these things in the picture? He tried to take it from the wall	 it was his now, after all, Sirius had left him everything, but it would not budge. Sirius had taken no chances in preventing his parents from redecorating his room.Harry looked around at the floor. The sky outside was growing brightest. A shaft of light revealed bits of paper, books, and small objects scattered over the carpet. Evidently Sirius's bedroom had been reached too, although its contents seemed to have been judged mostly, if not entirely, worthless. A few of the books had been shaken roughly enough to part company with the covers and sundry pages littered the floor.Harry bent down, picked up a few of the pieces of paper, and examined them. He recognized one as a part of an old edition of A History of Magic, by Bathilda Bagshot, and another as belonging to a motorcycle maintenance manual. The third was handwritten and crumpled. He smoothed it out.Dear Padfoot,Thank you, thank you, for Harry's birthday present! It was his favorite by far. One year old and already zooming along on a toy broomstick, he looked so pleased with himself. I'm enclosing a picture so you can see. You know it only rises about two feet off the ground but he nearly killed the cat and he smashed a horrible vase Petunia sent me for Christmas (no complaints there). Of course James thought it was so funny, says he's going to be a great Quidditch player but we've had to pack away all the ornaments and make sure we don't take our eyes off him when he gets going.We had a very quiet birthday tea, just us and old Bathilda who has always been sweet to us and who dotes on Harry. We were so sorry you couldn't come, but the Order's got to come first, and Harry's not old enough to know it's his birthday anyway! James is getting a bit frustrated shut up here, he tries not to show it but I can tell C also Dumbledore's still got his Invisibility Cloak, so no chance of little excursions. If you could visit, it would cheer him up so much. Wormy was here last weekend. I thought he seemed down, but that was probably the next about the McKinnons	 I cried all evening when I heard.Bathilda drops in most days, she's a fascinating old thing with the most amazing stories about Dumbledore. I'm not sure he'd be pleased if he knew! I don't know how much to believe, actually because it seems incredible that Dumbledore Harry's extremities seemed to have gone numb. He stood quite still, holding the miraculous paper in his nerveless fingers while inside him a kind of quiet eruptions sent joy and grief thundering its equal measure through his veins. Lurching to the bed, he sat down.He read the letter again, but could not take in any more meaning than he had done the first time, and was reduced to staring at the handwriting itself. She had made her gs the same way he did. He searched through the letter for every one of them, and each felt like a friendly little wave glimpsed from behind a veil. The letter was an incredible treasure, proof that Lily Potter had lived, really lived, that her warm hand had once moved across this parchment, tracing ink into these letters, these words, words about him, Harry, her son.Impatiently brushing away the wetness in his eyes, he reread the letter, this time concentrating on the meaning. It was like listening to a half-remembered voice.They had a cat... perhaps it had perished, like his parents at Godric's Hollow... or else fled when there was nobody left to feed it... Sirius had bought him his first broomstick... His parents had known Bathilda Bagshot	 had Dumbledore introduced them? Dumbledore's still got his Invisibility Cloak... there was something funny there...Harry paused, pondering his mother's words. Why had Dumbledore taken James's Invisibility Cloak? Harry distinctly remembered his headmaster telling him years before, I don't need a cloak to become invisible Perhaps some less gifted Order member had needed its assistance, and Dumbledore had acted as a carrier? Harry passed on...Wormy was here... Pettigrew, the traitor, had seemed down had he? Was he aware that he was seeing James and Lily alive for the last time?And finally Bathilda again, who told incredible stories about Dumbledore. It seems incredible that Dumbledore CThat Dumbledore what? But there were any number of things that would seem incredible about Dumbledore	 that he had once received bottom marks in a Transfiguration test, for instance or had taken up goat charming like Aberforth...Harry got to his feet and scanned the floor: Perhaps the rest of the letter was here somewhere. He seized papers, treating them in his eagerness, with as little consideration as the original searcher, he pulled open drawers, shook out books, stood on a chair to run his hand over the top of the wardrobe, and crawled under the bed and armchair.At last, lying facedown on the floor, he spotted what looked like a torn piece of paper under the chest of drawers. When he pulled it out, it proved to be most of the photograph that Lily had described in her letter. A black-haired baby was zooming in and out of the picture on a tiny broom, roaring with laughter, and a pair of legs that must have belonged to James was chasing after him. Harry tucked the photograph into his pocket with Lily's letter and continued to look for the second sheet.After another quarter of an hour, however he was forced to conclude that the rest of his mother's letter was gone. Had it simply been lost in the sixteen years that had elapsed since it had been written, or had it been taken by whoever had searched the room? Harry read the first sheet again, this time looking for clues as to what might have made the second sheet valuable. His toy broomstick could hardly be considered interesting to the Death Eaters... The only potentially useful thing he could see her was possible information on Dumbledore. It seems incredible that Dumbledore C what?Harry? Harry? Harry!I'm here! he called, What's happened?There was a clatter of footsteps outside the door, and Hermione burst inside.We woke up and didn't know where you were! she said breathlessly. She turned and shouted over her shoulder, Ron! I've found himRon's annoyed voice echoed distantly from several floors below.Good! Tell him from me he's a git!Harry don't just disappear, please, we were terrified! Why did you come up here anyway? She gazed around the ransacked room. What have you been doing?Look what I've just foundHe held out his mother's letter. Hermione took it out and read it while Harry watched her. When she reached the end of the page she looked up at him.Oh Harry...And there's this tooHe handed her the torn photograph, and Hermione smiled at the baby zooming in and out of sight on the toy broom.I've been looking for the rest of the letter, Harry said, but it's not here.Hermione glanced around.Did you make all this mess, or was some of it done when you got here?Someone had searched before me, said Harry.I thought so. Every room I looked into on the way up had been disturbed. What were they after, do you think?Information on the Order, if it was Snape.But you'd think he'd already have all he needed. I mean was in the Order, wasn't he?Well then, said Harry, keen to discuss his theory, what about information on Dumbledore? The second page of the letter, for instance. You know this Bathilda my mum mentions, you know who she is?Who?Bathilda Bagshot, the author of C A History of Magic, said Hermione, looking interested. So your parents knew her? She was an incredible magic historian.And she's still alive, said Harry, and she lives in Godric's Hollow. Ron's Auntie Muriel was talking about her at the wedding. She knew Dumbledore's family too. Be pretty interesting to talk to, wouldn't she? There was a little too much understanding in the smile Hermione gave him for Harry's liking. He took back the letter and the photograph and tucked them inside the pouch around his neck, so as not to have to look at her and give himself away. I understand why you'd love to talk to her about your mum and dad, and Dumbledore too, said Hermione. But that wouldn't really help us in our search for the Horcruxes, would it? Harry did not answer, and she rushed on, Harry, I know you really want to go to Godric's Hollow, but I'm scared. I'm scared at how easily those Death Eaters found us yesterday. It just makes me feel more than ever that we ought to avoid the place where your parents are buried, I'm sure they'd be expecting you to visit it.It's not just that, Harry said, still avoiding looking at her, Muriel said stuff about Dumbledore at the wedding. I want to know the truth...He told Hermione everything that Muriel had told him. When he had finished, Hermione said, Of course, I can see why that's upset you, Harry C I'm not upset, he lied, I'd just like to know whether or not it's true or C Harry do you really think you'll get the truth from a malicious old woman like Muriel, or from Rita Skeeter? How can you believe them? You knew Dumbledore!I thought I did, he muttered.But you know how much truth there was in everything Rita wrote about you! Doge is right, how can you let these people tarnish your memories of Dumbledore?He looked away, trying not to betray the resentment he felt. There it was again: Choose what to believe. He wanted the truth. Why was everybody so determined that he should not get it?Shall we go down to the kitchen? Hermione suggested after a little pause. Find something for breakfast?Do Not Enter Without the Express Permission of Regulus Arcturus BlackExcitement trickled through Harry, but he was not immediately sure why. He read the sign again. Hermione was already a flight of stairs below him.Hermione, he said, and he was surprised that his voice was so calm. Come back up here.What's the matter?R.A.B. I think I've found him.There was a gasp, and then Hermione ran back up the stairs.In your mum's letter? But I didn't see C Harry shook his head, pointing at Regulus's sign. She read it, then clutched Harry's arm so tightly that he winced.Sirius's brother? she whispered.He was a Death Eater, said Harry. Sirius told me about him, he joined up when he was really young and then got cold feet and tried to leave C so they killed him.That fits! gasped Hermione. If he was a Death Eater he had access to Voldemort, and if he became disenchanted, then he would have wanted to bring Voldemort down!She released Harry, leaned over the banister, and screamed, Ron! RON! Get up here, quick!Ron appeared, panting, a minute later, his wand ready in his hand.What's up? If it's massive spiders again I want breakfast before I C He frowned at the sign on Regulus's door, in which Hermione was silently pointing.What? That was Sirius's brother, wasn't it? Regulus Arcturus ... Regulus ... R.A.B.! The locket C you don't reckon C?Let's find out, said Harry. He pushed the door: It was locked. Hermione pointed her wand at the handle and said, Alohamora. There was a click, and the door swung open.They moved over the threshold together, gazing around. Regulus's bedroom was slightly smaller than Sirius's, though it had the same sense of former grandeur. Whereas Sirius had sought to advertise his diffidence from the rest of the family, Regulus had striven to emphasize the opposite. The Slytherin colors of emerald and silver were everywhere, draping the bed, the walls, and the windows. The Black family crest was painstakingly painted over the bed, along with its motto, TOUJOURS PUR. Beneath this was a collection of yellow newspaper cuttings, all stuck together to make a ragged collage. Hermione crossed the room to examine them.They're all about Voldemort, she said. Regulus seems to have been a fan for a few years before he joined the Death Eaters ...A little puff of dust rose from the bedcovers as she sat down to read the clippings. Harry, meanwhile, had noticed another photograph: a Hogwarts Quidditch team was smiling and waving out of the frame. He moved closer and saw the snakes emblazoned on their chests: Slytherins. Regulus was instantly recognizable as the boy sitting in the middle of the front row: He had the same dark hair and slightly haughty look of his brother, though he was smaller, slighter, and rather less handsome than Sirius had been.He played Seeker, said Harry.What? said Hermione vaguely	 she was still immersed in Voldemort's press clippings.He's sitting in the middle of the front row, that's where the Seeker ... Never mind, said Harry, realizing that nobody was listening. Ron was on his hands and knees, searching under the wardrobe. Harry looked around the room for likely hiding places and approached the desk. Yet again, somebody had searched before them. The drawers' contents had been turned over recently, the dust disturbed, but there was nothing of value there: old quills, out-of-date textbooks that bore evidence of being roughly handled, a recently smashed ink bottle, its sticky residue covering the contents of the drawer.There's an easier way, said Hermione, as Harry wiped his inky fingers on his jeans. She raised her wand and said, Accio Locket!Nothing happened. Ron, who had been searching the folds of the faded curtains, looked disappointed.Is that it, then? It's not here?Oh, it could still be here, but under counter-enchantments, said Hermione. Charms to prevent it from being summoned magically, you know.Like Voldemort put on the stone basin in the cave, said Harry, remembering how he had been unable to Summon the fake locket.How are we supposed to find it then? asked Ron.We search manually, said Hermione.That's a good idea, said Ron, rolling his eyes, and he resumed his examination of the curtains.They combed every inch of the room for more than an hour, but were forced, finally, to conclude that the locket was not there.The sun had risen now	 its light dazzled them even through the grimy landing windows.It could be somewhere else in the house, though, said Hermione in a rallying tone as they walked back downstairs. As Harry and Ron had become more discouraged, she seemed to have become more determined. Whether he'd manage to destroy it or not, he'd want to keep it hidden from Voldemort, wouldn't he? Remember all those awful things we had to get rid of when we were here last time? That clock that shot bolts at everyone and those old robes that tried to strangle Ron	 Regulus might have put them there to protect the locket's hiding place, even though we didn't realize it at ... at ...Harry and Ron looked at her. She was standing with one foot in midair, with the dumbstruck look of one who had just been Obliviated: her eyes had even drifted out of focus.... at the time, she finished in a whisper.Something wrong? asked Ron.There was a locket.What? said Harry and Ron together.In the cabinet in the drawing room. Nobody could open it. And we ... we ...Harry felt as though a brick had slid down through his chest into his stomach. He remembered. He had even handled the thing as they passed it around, each trying in turn to pry it open. It had been tossed into a sack of rubbish, along with the snuffbox of Wartcap powder and the music box that had made everyone sleepy ...Kreacher nicked loads of things back from us, said Harry. It was the only chance, the only slender hope left to them, and he was going to cling to it until forced to let go. He had a whole stash of stuff in his cupboard in the kitchen. C'mon.He ran down the stairs taking two steps at a time, the other two thundering along in his wake. They made so much noise that they woke the portrait of Sirius's mother as they passed through the hall.Filth! Mudbloods! Scum! she screamed after them as they dashed down into the basement kitchen and slammed the door behind them. Harry ran the length of the room, skidded to a halt at the door of Kreacher's cupboard, and wrenched it open. There was the nest of dirty old blankets in which the house-elf had once slept, but they were not longer glittering with the trinkets Kreacher had salvaged. The only thing there was an old copy of Nature's Nobility: A Wizarding Genealogy. Refusing to believe his eyes, Harry snatched up the blankets and shook them. A dead mouse fell out and rolled dismally across the floor. Ron groaned as he threw himself into a kitchen chair	 Hermione closed her eyes.It's not over yet, said Harry, and he raised his voice and called, Kreacher!There was a loud crack and the house elf that Harry had so reluctantly inherited from Sirius appeared out of nowhere in front of the cold and empty fireplace: tiny, half human-sized, his pale skin hanging off him in folds, white hair sprouting copiously from his batlike ears. He was still wearing the filthy rag in which they had first met him, and the contemptuous look he bent upon Harry showed that his attitude to his change of ownership had altered no more than his outfit.Master, croaked Kreacher in his bullfrog's voice, and he bowed low	 muttering to his knees, back in my Mistress's old house with the blood-traitor Weasley and the Mudblood C I forbid you to call anyone 'blood traitor' or 'Mudblood,' growled Harry. He would have found Kreacher, with his snoutlike nose and bloodshot eyes, a distinctively unlovable object even if the elf had not betrayed Sirius to Voldemort.I've got a question for you, said Harry, his heart beating rather fast as he looked down at the elf, and I order you to answer it truthfully. Understand?Yes, Master, said Kreacher, bowing low again. Harry saw his lips moving soundlessly, undoubtedly framing the insults he was now forbidden to utter.Two years ago, said Harry, his heart now hammering against his ribs, there was a big gold locket in the drawing room upstairs. We threw it out. Did you steal it back?There was a moment's silence, during which Kreacher straightened up to look Harry full in the face. Then he said, Yes.Where is it now? asked Harry jubilantly as Ron and Hermione looked gleeful.Kreacher closed his eyes as though he could not bear to see their reactions to his next word.Gone.Gone? echoed Harry, elation floating out of him, What do you mean, it's gone?The elf shivered. He swayed.Kreacher, said Harry fiercely, I order you C Mundungus Fletcher, croaked the elf, his eyes still tight shut. Mundungus Fletcher stole it all	 Miss Bella's and Miss Cissy's pictures, my Mistress's gloves, the Order of Merlin, First Class, the goblets with the family crest, and C and C Kreacher was gulping for air: His hollow chest was rising and falling rapidly, then his eyes flew open and he uttered a bloodcurdling scream. C and the locket, Master Regulus's locket. Kreacher did wrong, Kreacher failed in his orders!Harry reacted instinctively: As Kreacher lunged for the poker standing in the grate, he launched himself upon the elf, flattening him. Hermione's scream mingled with Kreacher's but Harry bellowed louder than both of them: Kreacher, I order you to stay still!He felt the elf freeze and released him. Kreacher lay flat on the cold stone floor, tears gushing from his sagging eyes.Harry, let him up! Hermione whispered.So he can beat himself up with the poker? snorted Harry, kneeling beside the elf. I don't think so. Right. Kreacher, I want the truth: How do you know Mundungus Fletcher stole the locket?Kreacher saw him! gasped the elf as tears poured over his snout and into his mouth full of graying teeth. Kreacher saw him coming out of Kreacher's cupboard with his hands full of Kreacher's treasures. Kreacher told the sneak thief to stop, but Mundungus Fletcher laughed and r-ran ...You called the locket 'Master Regulus's,' said Harry. Why? Where did it come from? What did Regulus have to do with it? Kreacher, sit up and tell me everything you know about that locket, and everything Regulus had to do with it!The elf sat up, curled into a ball, placed his wet face between his knees, and began to rock backward and forward. When he spoke, his voice was muffled but quite distinct in the silent, echoing kitchen.Master Sirius ran away, good riddance, for he was a bad boy and broke my Mistress's heart with his lawless ways. But Master Regulus had proper order
Deathly Hallows=If Kreacher could escape a lake full of Inferi, Harry was confident that the capture of Mundungus would take a few hours at most, and he prowled the house all morning in a state of high anticipation. However, Kreacher did not return that morning or even that afternoon. By nightfall, Harry felt discouraged and anxious, and a supper composed largely of moldy bread, upon which Hermione had tried a variety of unsuccessful Transfigurations, did nothing to help.Kreacher did not return the following day, nor the day after that. However, two cloaked men had appeared in the square outside number twelve, and they remained there into the night, gazing in the direction of the house that they could not see.Death Eaters, for sure, said Ron, as he, Harry, and Hermione watched from the drawing room windows. Reckon they know we're in here?I don't think so, said Hermione, though she looked frightened, or they'd have sent Snape in after us, wouldn't they?D'you reckon he's been in here and has his tongue tied by Moody's curse? asked Ron.Yes, said Hermione, otherwise he'd have been able to tell that lot how to get in, wouldn't he? But they're probably watching to see whether we turn up. They know that Harry owns the house, after all.How do they C? began Harry.Wizarding wills are examined by the Ministry, remember? They'll know Sirius left you the place.The presence of the Death Eaters outside increased the ominous mood inside number twelve. They had not heard a word form anyone beyond Grimmauld Place since Mr. Weasley's Patronus, and the strain was starting to tell. Restless and irritable, Ron had developed an annoying habit of playing with the Deluminator in his pocket	 This particularly infuriated Hermione, who was whiling away the wait for Kreacher by studying The Tales of Beedle the Bard and did not appreciate the way the lights kept flashing on and off.Will you stop it! she cried on the third evening of Kreacher's absence, as all the light was sucked from the drawing room yet again.Sorry, sorry! said Ron, clicking the Deluminator and restoring the lights. I don't know I'm doing it!Well, can't you find something useful to occupy yourself?What, like reading kids' stories?Dumbledore left me this book, Ron C  C and he left me the Deluminator, maybe I'm supposed to use it!Unable to stand the bickering, Harry slipped out of the room unnoticed by either of them. He headed downstairs toward the kitchen, which he kept visiting because he was sure that was where Kreacher was most likely to reappear. Halfway down the flight of stairs into the hall, however, he heard a tap on the front door, then metallic clicks and the grinding of the chain.Every nerve in his body seemed to tauten: He pulled out his wand, moved into the shadows beside the decapitated elf heads, and waited. The door opened: He saw a glimpse of the lamplit square outside, and a cloaked figure edged into the hall and closed the door behind it. The intruder took a step forward, and Moody's voice asked, Severus Snape? Then the dust figure rose from the end of the hall and rushed him, raising its dead hand.It was not I who killed you, Albus, said a quiet voice.The jinx broke: The dust-figure exploded again, and it was impossible to make out the newcomer through the dense gray cloud it left behind.Harry pointed the wand into the middle of it.Don't move!He had forgotten the portrait of Mrs. Black: At the sound of his yell, the curtains hiding her flew open and she began to scream, Mudbloods and filth dishonoring my house C Ron and Hermione came crashing down the stairs behind Harry, wands pointing, like his, at the unknown man now standing with his arms raised in the hall below.Hold your fire, it's me, Remus!Oh, thank goodness, said Hermione weakly, pointing her wand at Mrs. Black instead	 with a bang, the curtains swished shut again and silence fell. Ron too lowered his wand, but Harry did not.Show yourself! he called back.Lupin moved forward into the lamplight, hands still held high in a gesture of surrender.I am Remus John Lupin, werewolf, sometimes known as Moony, one of the four creators of the Marauder's Map, married to Nymphadora, usually known as Tonks, and I taught you how to produce a Patronus, Harry, which takes the form of a stag.Oh, all right, said Harry, lowering his wand, but I had to check, didn't I?Speaking as your ex-Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, I quite agree that you had to check. Ron, Hermione, you shouldn't be so quick to lower your defenses.They ran down the stairs towards him. Wrapped in a thick black traveling cloak, he looked exhausted, but pleased to see them.No sign of Severus, then? he asked.No, said Harry. What's going on? Is everyone okay?Yes, said Lupin, but we're all being watched. There are a couple of Death Eaters in the square outside C We know C I had to Apparate very precisely onto the top step outside the front door to be sure that they would not see me. They can't know you're in here or I'm sure they'd have more people out there	 they're staking out everywhere that's got any connection with you, Harry. Let's go downstairs, there's a lot to tell you, and I want to know what happened after you left the Burrow.They descended into the kitchen, where Hermione pointed her wand at the grate. A fire sprang up instantly: It gave the illusion of coziness to the stark stone walls and glistened off the long wooden table. Lupin pulled a few butterbeers from beneath his traveling cloak and they sat down.I'd have been here three days ago but I needed to shake off the Death Eater tailing me, said Lupin. So, you came straight here after the wedding?No, said Harry, only after we ran into a couple of Death Eaters in a caf on Tottenham Court Road.Lupin slopped most of his butterbeer down his front.What?They explained what had happened	 when they had finished, Lupin looked aghast.But how did they find you so quickly? It's impossible to track anyone who Apparates, unless you grab hold of them as they disappear.And it doesn't seem likely they were just strolling down Tottenham Court Road at the time, does it? said Harry.We wondered, said Hermione tentatively, whether Harry could still have the Trace on him?Impossible, said Lupin. Ron looked smug, and Harry felt hugely relieved. Apart from anything else, they'd know for sure Harry was here if he still had the Trace on him, wouldn't they? But I can't see how they could have tracked you to Tottenham Court Road, that's worrying, really worrying.He looked disturbed, but as far as Harry was concerned, that question could wait.Tell us what happened after we left, we haven't heard a thing since Ron's dad told us the family was safe.Well, Kingsley saved us, said Lupin. Thanks to his warning most of the wedding guests were able to Disapparate before they arrived.Were they Death Eaters or Ministry people? interjected Hermione.A mixture	 but to all intents and purposes they're the same thing now, said Lupin. There were about a dozen of them, but they didn't know you were there, Harry. Arthur heard a rumor that they tried to torture your whereabouts out of Scrimgeour before they killed him	 if it's true, he didn't give you away.Harry looked at Ron and Hermione	 their expressions reflected the mingled shock and gratitude he felt. He had never liked Scrimgeour much, but if what Lupin said was true, the man's final act had been to try to protect Harry.The Death Eaters searched the Burrow from top to bottom, Lupin went on. They found the ghoul, but didn't want to get too close C and then they interrogated those of us who remained for hours. They were trying to get information on you, Harry, but of course nobody apart from the Order knew that you had been there.At the same time that they were smashing up the wedding, more Death Eaters were forcing their way into every Order-connected house in the country. No deaths, he added quickly, forestalling the question, but they were rough. They burned down Dedalus Diggle's house, but as you know he wasn't there, and they used the Cruciarus Curse on Tonks's family. Again, trying to find out where you went after you visited them. They're all right C shaken, obviously, but otherwise okay.The Death Eaters got through all those protective charms?Harry asked, remembering how effective these had been on the night he had crashed in Tonks's parents' garden.What you've got to realize, Harry, is that the Death Eaters have got the full might of the Ministry on their side now, said Lupin. They've got the power to perform brutal spells without fear of identification or arrest. They managed to penetrate every defensive spell we'd cast against them, and once inside, they were completely open about why they'd come.And are they bothering to give an excuse for torturing Harry's whereabouts out of people? asked Hermione, an edge to her voice.Well, Lupin said. He hesitated, then pulled out a folded copy of the Daily Prophet.Here, he said, pushing it across the table to Harry, you'll know sooner or later anyway. That's their pretext for going after you.Harry smoothed out the paper. A huge photograph of his own face filled the front page. He read the headline over it:WANTED FOR QUESTIONING ABOUT THE DEATH OF ALBUS DUMBLEDORERon and Hermione gave roars of outrage, but Harry said nothing. He pushed the newspaper away	 he did not want to read anymore: He knew what it would say. Nobody but those who had been on top of the tower when Dumbledore died knew who had really killed him and, as Rita Skeeter had already told the Wizarding world, Harry had been seen running from the place moments after Dumbledore had fallen.I'm sorry, Harry, Lupin said.So Death Eaters have taken over the Daily Prophet too? asked Hermione furiously.Lupin nodded.But surely people realize what's going on?The coup has been smooth and virtually silent, said Lupin.The official version of Scrimgeour's murder is that he resigned	 he has been replaced by Pius Thicknesse, who is under the Imperius Curse.Why didn't Voldemort declare himself Minister of Magic? asked Ron.Lupin laughed.He doesn't need to, Ron. Effectively, he is the Minister, but why should he sit behind a desk at the Ministry? His puppet, Thicknesse, is taking care of everyday business, leaving Voldemort free to extend his power beyond the Ministry.Naturally many people have deduced what has happened: There has been such a dramatic change in Ministry policy in the last few days, and many are whispering that Voldemort must be behind it. However, that is the point: They whisper. They daren't confide in each other, not knowing whom to trust	 they are scared to speak out, in case their suspicions are true and their families are targeted. Yes, Voldemort is playing a very clever game. Declaring himself might have provoked open rebellion: Remaining masked has created confusion, uncertainty, and fear.And this dramatic change in Ministry policy, said Harry, involves warning the Wizarding world against me instead of Voldemort?That's certainly a part of it, said Lupin, and it is a masterstroke. Now that Dumbledore is dead, you C the Boy Who Lived C were sure to be the symbol and rallying point for any resistance to Voldemort. But by suggesting that you had a hand in the old hat's death, Voldemort has not only set a price upon your head, but sown doubt and fear amongst many who would have defended you.Meanwhile, the Ministry has started moving against Muggle-borns.Lupin pointed at the Daily Prophet.Look at page two.Hermione turned the pages with much the same expression of distaste she had when handling Secrets of the Darkest Art.Muggle-born Register! she read aloud. 'The Ministry of Magic is undertaking a survey of so-called Muggle-borns the better to understand how they came to possess magical secrets.'Recent research undertaken by the Department of Mysteries reveals that magic can only be passed from person to person when Wizards reproduce. Where no proven Wizarding ancestry exists, therefore, the so-called Muggle-born is likely to have obtained magical power by theft or force.'The Ministry is determined to root out such usurpers of magical power, and to this end has issued an invitation to every so-called Muggle-born to present themselves for interview by the newly appointed Muggle-born Registration Commission.'People won't let this happen, said Ron.It is happening, Ron, said Lupin. Muggle-borns are being rounded up as we speak.But how are they supposed to have 'stolen' magic? said Ron. It's mental, if you could steal magic there wouldn't be any Squibs, would there?I know, said Lupin. Nevertheless, unless you can prove that you have at least one close Wizarding relative, you are now deemed to have obtained your magical power illegally and must suffer the punishment.Ron glanced at Hermione, then said, What if purebloods and halfbloods swear a Muggle-born's part of their family? I'll tell everyone Hermione's my cousin C Hermione covered Ron's hand with hers and squeezed it.Thank you, Ron, but I couldn't let you C You won't have a choice, said Ron fiercely, gripping her hand back. I'll teach you my family tree so you can answer questions on it.Hermione gave a shaky laugh.Ron, as we're on the run with Harry Potter, the most wanted person in the country, I don't think it matters. If I was going back to school it would be different. What's Voldemort planning for Hogwarts? she asked Lupin.Attendance is now compulsory for every young witch and wizard, he replied. That was announced yesterday. It's a change, because it was never obligatory before. Of course, nearly every witch and wizard in Britain has been educated at Hogwarts, but their parents had the right to teach them at home or send them abroad if they preferred. This way, Voldemort will have the whole Wizarding population under his eye from a young age. And it's also another way of weeding out Muggle-borns, because students must be given Blood Status C meaning that they have proven to the Ministry that they are of Wizard descent C before they are allowed to attend.Harry felt sickened and angry: At this moment, excited eleven-year-olds would be poring over stacks of newly purchased spell-books, unaware that they would never see Hogwarts, perhaps never see their families again either.It's... it's... he muttered, struggling to find words that did justice to the horror of his thoughts, but Lupin said quietly, I know.Lupin hesitated.I'll understand if you can't confirm this, Harry, but the Order is under the impression that Dumbledore left you a mission.He did, Harry replied, and Ron and Hermione are in on it and they're coming with me.Can you confide in me what the mission is?Harry looked into the prematurely lined face, framed in thick but graying hair, and wished that he could return a different answer.I can't, Remus, I'm sorry. If Dumbledore didn't tell you I don't think I can.I thought you'd say that, said Lupin, looking disappointed. But I might still be of some use to you. You know what I am and what I can do. I could come with you to provide protection. There would be no need to tell me exactly what you were up to.Harry hesitated. It was a very tempting offer, though how they would be able to keep their mission secret from Lupin if he were with them all the time he could not imagine.Hermione, however, looked puzzled.But what about Tonks? she asked.What about her? said Lupin.Well, said Hermione, frowning, you're married! How does she feel about you going away with us?Tonks will be perfectly safe, said Lupin, She'll be at her parents' house.There was something strange in Lupin's tone, it was almost cold. There was also something odd in the idea of Tonks remaining hidden at her parents' house	 she was, after all, a member of the Order and, as far as Harry knew, was likely to want to be in the thick of the action.Remus, said Hermione tentatively, is everything all right... you know... between you and C Everything is fine, thank you, said Lupin pointedly.Hermione turned pink. There was another pause, an awkward and embarrassed one, and then Lupin said, with an air of forcing himself to admit something unpleasant, Tonks is going to have a baby.Oh, how wonderful! squealed Hermione.Excellent! said Ron enthusiastically.Congratulations, said Harry.Lupin gave an artificial smile that was more like a grimace, then said, So... do you accept my offer? Will three become four? I cannot believe that Dumbledore would have disapproved, he appointed me your Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, after all. And I must tell you that I believe we are facing magic many of us have never encountered or imagined.Ron and Hermione both looked at Harry.Just C just to be clear, he said. You want to leave Tonks at her parents' house and come away with us?She'll be perfectly safe there, they'll look after her, said Lupin. He spoke with a finality bordering on indifference: Harry, I'm sure James would have wanted me to stick with you.Well, said Harry slowly, I'm not. I'm pretty sure my father would have wanted to know why you aren't sticking with your own kid, actually.Lupin's face drained of color. The temperature in the kitchen might have dropped ten degrees. Ron stared around the room as though he had been bidden to memorize it, while Hermione's eyes swiveled backward and forward from Harry to Lupin.You don't understand, said Lupin at last.Explain, then, said Harry.Lupin swallowed.I C I made a grave mistake in marrying Tonks. I did it against my better judgment and have regretted it very much every since.I see, said Harry, so you're just going to dump her and the kid and run off with us?Lupin sprang to his feet: His chair toppled over backward, and he glared at them so fiercely that Harry saw, for the first time ever, she shadow of the wolf upon his human face.Don't you understand what I've done to my wife and my unborn child? I should never have married her, I've made her an outcast!Lupin kicked aside the chair he had overturned.You have only ever seen me amongst the Order, or under Dumbledore's protection at Hogwarts! You don't know how most of the Wizarding world sees creatures like me! When they know of my affliction, they can barely talk to me! Don't you see what I've done?Even her own family is disgusted by our marriage, what parents want their only daughter to marry a werewolf? And the child C the child C Lupin actually seized handfuls of his own hair	 he looked quite deranged.My kind don't usually breed! It will be like me, I am convinced of it C how can I forgive myself, when I knowingly risked passing on my own condition to an innocent child? And if, by some miracle, it is not like me, then it will be better off, a hundred times so, without a father of whom it must always be ashamed!Remus! whispered Hermione, tears in her eyes. Don't say that C how could any child be ashamed of you?Oh, I don't know, Hermione, said Harry. I'd be pretty ashamed of him.Harry did not know where his rage was coming from, but it had propelled him to his feet too. Lupin looked as though Harry had hit him.If the new regime thinks Muggle-borns are bad, Harry said, what will they do to a half-werewolf whose father's in the Order? My father died trying to protect my mother and me, and you reckon he'd tell you to abandon your kid to go on an adventure with us?How C how dare you? said Lupin. This is not about a desire for C for danger or personal glory C how dare you suggest such a C I think you're feeling a bit of a daredevil, Harry said, You fancy stepping into Sirius's shoes C Harry, no! Hermione begged him, but he continued to glare into Lupin's livid face.I'd never have believed this, Harry said. The man who taught me to fight dementors C a coward.Lupin drew his wand so fast that Harry had barely reached for his own	 there was a loud bang and he felt himself flying backward as if punched
Deathly Hallows=As August wore on, the square of unkempt grass in the middle of Grimmauld Place shriveled in the sun until it was brittle and brown. The inhabitants of number twelve were never seen by anyone in the surrounding houses, and nor was number twelve itself. The muggles who lived in Grimmauld Place had long since accepted the amusing mistake in the numbering that had caused number eleven to sit beside number thirteen.And yet the square was now attracting a trickle of visitors who seemed to find the anomaly most intriguing. Barely a day passed without one or two people arriving in Grimmauld Place with no other purpose, or so it seemed, than to lean against the railings facing numbers eleven and thirteen, watching the join between the two houses. The lurkers were never the same two days running, although they all seemed to share a dislike for normal clothing. Most of the Londoners who passed them were used to eccentric dressers and took little notice, though occasionally one of them might glance back, wondering why anyone would wear cloaks in this heat.The watchers seemed to be gleaning little satisfaction from their vigil. Occasionally one of them started forward excitedly, as if they had seen something interesting at last, only to fall back looking disappointed.On the first day of September there were more people lurking in the square than ever before. Half a dozen men in long cloaks stood silent and watchful, gazing as ever at houses eleven and thirteen, but the thing for which they were waiting still appeared elusive. As evening drew in, bringing with it an unexpected gust of chilly rain for the first time in weeks, there occurred one of those inexplicable moments when they appeared to have seen something interesting. The man with the twisted face pointed and his closest companion, a podgy, pallid man, started forward, but a moment later they had relaxed into their previous state of inactivity, looking frustrated and disappointed.Meanwhile, inside number twelve, Harry had just entered the hall. He had nearly lost his balance as he Apparated onto the top step just outside the front door, and thought that the Death Eaters might have caught a glimpse of his momentarily exposed elbow. Shutting the front door carefully behind him, he pulled off the Invisibility Cloak, draped it over his arm, and hurried along the gloomy hallway toward the door that led to the basement, a stolen copy of the Daily Prophet clutched in his hand.The usual low whisper of Severus Snape greeted him, the chill wind swept him, and his tongue rolled up for a moment.I didn't kill you, he said, once it had unrolled, then held his breath as the dusty jinx-figure exploded. He waited until he was halfway down the stairs to the kitchen, out of earshot of Mrs. Black and clear of the dust cloud, before calling, I've got news, and you won't like it.The kitchen was almost unrecognizable. Every surface now shone	 Copper pots and pans had been burnished to a rosy glow	 the wooden tabletop gleamed	 the goblets and plates already laid for dinner glinted in the light from a merrily blazing fire, on which a cauldron was simmering. Nothing in the room, however, was more dramatically different than the house-elf who now came hurrying toward Harry, dressed in a snowy-white towel, his ear hair as clean and fluffy as cotton wool, Regulus's locket bouncing on his thin chest.Shoes off, if you please, Master Harry, and hands washed before dinner, croaked Kreacher, seizing the Invisibility Cloak and slouching off to hang it on a hook on the wall, beside a number of old-fashioned robes that had been freshly laundered.What's happened? Ron asked apprehensively. He are Hermione had been pouring over a sheaf of scribbled notes and hand drawn maps that littered the end of the long kitchen table, but now they watched Harry as he strode toward them and threw down the newspaper on top of their scattered parchment.A large picture of a familiar, hook-nosed, black-haired man stared up at them all, beneath a headline that read:SEVERUS SNAPE CONFIRMEDAS HOGWARTS HEADMASTERNo! said Ron and Hermione loudly.Hermione was quickest	 she snatched up the newspaper and began to read the accompanying story out loud.Severus Snape, long-standing Potions master at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and wizardry, was today appointed headmaster in the most important of several staffing changes at the ancient school. Following the resignation of the previous Muggle Studies teacher, Alecto Carrow will take over the post while her brother, Amycus, fills the position of Defense Against the Dark Arts professor. 'I welcome the opportunity to uphold our finest Wizarding traditions and values C' Like committing murder and cutting off people's ears, I suppose! Snape, headmaster! Snape in Dumbledore's study C Merlin's pants! she shrieked, making both Harry and Ron jump. She leapt up from the table and hurtled from the room, shouting as she went, I'll be back in a minute!'Merlin's pants'? repeated Ron, looking amused. She must be upset. He pulled the newspaper toward him and perused the article about Snape.The other teachers won't stand for this, McGonagall and Flitwick and Sprout all know the truth, they know how Dumbledore died. They won't accept Snape as headmaster. And who are these Carrows?Death Eaters, said Harry. There are pictures of them inside. They were at the top of the tower when Snape killed Dumbledore, so it's all friends together. And, Harry went on bitterly, drawing up a chair, I can't see that the other teachers have got any choice but to stay. If the Ministry and Voldemort are behind Snape, it'll be a choice between staying and teaching, or a nice few years in Azkaban C and that's if they're lucky. I reckon they'll stay to try and protect the students.Kreacher came bustling to the table with a large curcen in his hands, and ladled out soup into pristine bowls, whistling between his teeth as he did so.Thanks, Kreacher, said Harry, flipping over the Prophet so as not to have to look at Snape's face. Well, at least we know exactly where Snape is now.He began to spoon soup into his mouth. The quality of Kreacher's cooking had improved dramatically ever since he had been given Regulus's locket: Today's French onion was as good as Harry had ever tasted.There are still a load of Death Eaters watching this house, he told Ron as he ate, more than usual. It's like they're hoping we'll march out carrying our school trunks and head off for the Hogwarts Express.Ron glanced at his watch.I've been thinking about that all day. It left nearly six hours ago. Weird, not being on it, isn't it?In his mind's eye Harry seemed to see the scarlet steam engine as he and Ron had once followed it by air, shimmering between fields and hills, a rippling scarlet caterpillar. He was sure Ginny, Neville, and Luna were sitting together at this moment, perhaps wondering where he, Ron, and Hermione were, or debating how best to undermine Snape's new regime.They nearly saw me coming back in just now, Harry said, I landed badly on the top step, and the Cloak slipped.I do that every time. Oh, here she is, Ron added, craning around in his seat to watch Hermione reentering the kitchen. And what in the name of Merlin's most baggy Y Fronts was that about?I remembered this, Hermione panted.She was carrying a large, framed picture, which she now lowered to the floor before seizing her small, beaded bag from the kitchen sideboard. Opening it, she proceeded to force the painting inside and despite the fact that it was patently too large to fit inside the tiny bag, within a few seconds it had vanished, like so much ease, into the bag's capacious depths.Phineas Nigellus, Hermione explained as she threw the bag onto the kitchen table with the usual sonorous, clanking crash.Sorry? said Ron, but Harry understood. The painted image of Phineas Nigellus Black was able to travel between his portrait in Grimmauld Place and the one that hung in the headmaster's office at Hogwarts: the circular cower-top room where Snape was no doubt sitting right now, in triumphant possession of Dumbledore's collection of delicate, silver magical instruments, the stone Pensieve, the Sorting Hat and, unless it ad been moved elsewhere, the sword of Gryffindor.Snape could send Phineas Nigellus to look inside this house for him, Hermione explained to Ron as she resumed her seat. But let him try it now, all Phineas Nigellus will be able to see is the inside of my handbag.Good thinking! said Ron, looking impressed.Thank you, smiled Hermione, pulling her soup toward her. So, Harry, what else happened today?Nothing, said Harry. Watched the Ministry entrance for seven hours. No sign of her. Saw your dad though, Ron. He looks fine.Ron nodded his appreciation of this news. The had agreed that it was far too dangerous to try and communicate with Mr. Weasley while he walked in and out of the Ministry, because he was always surrounded by other Ministry workers. It was, however, reassuring to catch these glimpses of him, even if he did look very strained and anxious.Dad always told us most Ministry people use the Floo Network to get to work, Ron said. That's why we haven't seen Umbridge, she'd never walk, she'd think she's too important.And what about that funny old witch and that little wizard in the navy robes? Hermione asked.Oh yeah, the bloke from Magical Maintenance, said Ron.How do you know he works for Magical Maintenance? Hermione asked, her soupspoon suspended in midair.Dad said everyone from Magical Maintenance wears navy blue robes.But you never told us that!Hermione dropped her spoon and pulled toward her the sheaf of notes and maps that she and Ron had been examining when Harry had entered the kitchen.There's nothing in here about navy blue robes, nothing! she said, flipping feverishly through the pages.Well, does it really matter?Ron, it all matters! If we're going to get into the Ministry and not give ourselves away when they're bound to be on the lookout for intruders, every little detail matters! We've been over and over this, I mean, what's the point of all these reconnaissance trips if you aren't even bothering to tell us C Blimey, Hermione, I forget one little thing C You do realize, don't you, that there's probably no more dangerous place in the whole world for us to be right now than the Ministry of C I think we should do it tomorrow, said Harry.Hermione stopped dead, her jaw hanging	 Ron choked a little over his soup.Tomorrow? repeated Hermione. You aren't serious, Harry?I am, said Harry. I don't think we're going to be much better prepared than we are now even if we skulk around the Ministry entrance for another month. The longer we put it off, the farther away that locket could be. There's already a good chance Umbridge has chucked it away	 the thing doesn't open.Unless, said Ron, she's found a way of opening it and she's now possessed.Wouldn't make any difference to her, she was so evil in the first place, Harry shrugged.Hermione was biting her lip, deep in thought.We know everything important, Harry went on, addressing Hermione. We know they've stopped Apparition in and out of the Ministry	 We know only the most senior Ministry members are allowed to connect their homes to the Floo Network now, because Ron heard those two Unspeakables complaining about it. And we know roughly where Umbridge's office is, because of what you heard the bearded bloke saying to his mate C 'I'll be up on level one, Dolores wants to see me,' Hermione recited immediately.Exactly, said Harry. And we know you get in using those funny coins, or tokens, or whatever they are, because I saw that witch borrowing one from her friend C But we haven't got any!If the plan works, we will have, Harry continued calmly.I don't know, Harry, I don't know ... There are an awful lot of things that could go wrong, so much relies on chance ...That'll be true even if we spend another three months preparing, said Harry. It's time to act.He could tell from Ron's and Hermione's faces that they were scared	 he was not particularly confident himself, and yet he was sure the time had come to put their plan into operation.They had spent the previous four weeks taking it in turns to don the Invisibility Cloak and spy on the official entrance to the Ministry, which Ron, thanks to Mr. Weasley, had known since childhood. They had tailed Ministry workers on their way in, eavesdropped on their conversations, and learned by careful observation which of them could be relied upon to appear, alone, at the same time every day. Occasionally there had been a chance to sneak a Daily Prophet out of somebody's briefcase. Slowly they had built up the sketchy maps and notes now stacked in front of Hermione.All right, said Ron slowly, let's say we go for it tomorrow ... I think it should just be me and Harry.Oh, don't start that again! sighed Hermione. I thought we'd settled this.It's one thing hanging around the entrances under the Cloak, but this is different. Hermione, Ron jabbed a finger at a copy of the Daily Prophet dated ten days previously. You're on the list of Muggle-borns who didn't present themselves for interrogation!And you're supposed to be dying of spattergroit at the Burrow! If anyone shouldn't go, it's Harry, he's got a ten-thousand-Galleon price on his head C Fine, I'll stay here, said Harry. Let me know if you ever defeat Voldemort, won't you?As Ron and Hermione laughed, pain shot through the scar on Harry's forehead. His hand jumped to it. He saw Hermione's eyes narrow, and he tried to pass off the movement by brushing his hair out of his eyes.Well, if all three of us go we'll have to Disapparate separately, Ron was saying. We can't all fit under the Cloak anymore.Harry's scar was becoming more and more painful. He stood up. At once, Kreacher hurried forward.Master has not finished his soup, would master prefer the savory stew, or else the treacle tart to which Master is so partial?Thanks, Kreacher, but I'll be back in a minute C er C bathroom.Aware that Hermione was watching him suspiciously, Harry hurried up the stairs to the hall and then to the first landing, where he dashed into the bathroom and bolted the door again. Grunting with pain, he slumped over the black basin with its taps in the form of open-mouthed serpents and closed his eyes ....He was gliding along a twilit street. The buildings on either side of him had high, timbered gables	 they looked like gingerbread houses. He approached one of them, then saw the whiteness of his own long-fingered hand against the door. He knocked. He felt a mounting excitement ...The door opened: A laughing woman stood there. Her face fell as she looked into Harry's face: humor gone, terror replacing it ....Gregorovitch? said a high, cold voice.She shook her head: She was trying to close the door. A white hand held it steady, prevented her shutting him out ...I want Gregorovitch.Er wohnt hier nicht mehr! she cried, shaking her head. He no live here! He no live here! I know him not!Abandoning the attempt to close the door, she began to back away down the dark hall, and Harry followed, gliding toward her, and his long-fingered hand had drawn his wand.Where is he?Das wei&szlig	 ich nicht! He move! I know not, I know not!He raised his hand. She screamed. Two young children came running into the hall. She tried to shield them with her arms. There was a flash of green light CHarry! HARRY!He opened his eyes	 he had sunk to the floor. Hermione was pounding on the door again.Harry, open up!He had shouted out, he knew it. He got up and unbolted the door	 Hermione toppled inside at once, regained her balance, and looked around suspiciously. Ron was right behind her, looking unnerved as he pointed his wand into the corners of the chilly bathroom.What were you doing? asked Hermione sternly.What d'you think I was doing? asked Harry with feeble bravado.You were yelling your head off! said Ron.Oh yeah ... I must've dozed off or C Harry, please don't insult our intelligence, said Hermione, taking deep breaths. We know your scar hurt downstairs, and you're white as a sheet.Harry sat down on the edge of the bath.Fine. I've just seen Voldemort murdering a woman. By now he's probably killed her whole family. And he didn't need to. It was Cedric all over again, they were just there ...Harry, you aren't supposed to let this happen anymore! Hermione cried, her voice echoing through the bathroom. Dumbledore wanted you to use Occlumency! HE thought the connection was dangerous C Voldemort can use it, Harry! What good is it to watch him kill and torture, how can it help?Because it means I know what he's doing, said Harry.So you're not even going to try to shut him out?Hermione, I can't. You know I'm lousy at Occlumency. I never got the hang of it.You never really tried! she said hotly. I don't get it, Harry C do you like having this special connection or relationship or what C whatever C She faltered under the look he gave her as he stood up.Like it? he said quietly. Would you like it?I C no C I'm sorry, Harry. I just didn't mean C I hate it, I hate the fact that he can get inside me, that I have to watch him when he's most dangerous. But I'm going to use it.Dumbledore C Forget Dumbledore. This is my choice, nobody else's. I want to know why he's after Gregorovitch.Who?He's a foreign wandmaker, said Harry. He made Krum's wand and Krum reckons he's brilliant.But according to you, said Ron, Voldemort's got Ollivander locked up somewhere. If he's already got a wandmaker, what does he need another one for?Maybe he agrees with Krum, maybe he thinks Gregorovitch is better ... or else he thinks Gregorovitch will be able to explain what my wand did when he was chasing me, because Ollivander didn't know.Harry glanced into the cracked, dusty mirror and saw Ron and Hermione exchanging skeptical looks behind his back.Harry, you keep talking about what your wand did, said Hermione, but you made it happen! Why are you so determined not to take responsibility for your own power?Because I know it wasn't me! And so does Voldemort, Hermione! We both know what really happened!They glared at each other	 Harry knew that he had not convinced Hermione and that she was marshaling counterarguments, against both his theory on his wand and the fact that he was permitting himself to see into Voldemort's mind. To his relief, Ron intervened.Drop it, he advised her. It's up to him. And if we're going to the Ministry tomorrow, don't you reckon we should go over the plan?Reluctantly, as the other two could tell, Hermione let the matter rest, though Harry was quite sure she would attack again at the first opportunity. In the meantime, they returned to the basement kitchen, where Kreacher served them all stew and treacle tart.They did not get to bed until late that night, after spending hours going over and over their plan until they could recite it, word perfect, to each other. Harry, who was now sleeping in Sirius's room, lay in bed with his wandlight trained on the old photograph of his father, Sirius, Lupin, and Pettigrew, and muttered the plan to himself for another ten minutes. As he extinguished his wand, however, he was thinking not of Polyjuice Potion, Puking Pastilles, or the navy blue robes of Magical Maintenance
Deathly Hallows=Ah, Mafalda! said Umbridge, looking at Hermione. Travers sent you, did he?Y-yes, squeaked Hermione.God, you'll do perfectly well. Umbridge spoke to the wizard in black and gold. That's that problem solved. Minister, if Mafalda can be spared for record-keeping we shall be able to start straightaway. She consulted her clipboard. Ten people today and one of them the wife of a Ministry employee! Tut, tut... even here, in the heart of the Ministry! She stepped into the lift besides Hermione, as did the two wizards who had been listening to Umbridge's conversation with the Minister. We'll go straight down, Mafalda, you'll find everything you need in the courtroom. Good morning, Albert, aren't you getting out?Yes, of course, said Harry in Runcorn's deep voice.Harry stepped out of the life. The golden grilles clanged shut behind him. Glancing over his shoulder, Harry saw Hermione's anxious face sinking back out of sight, a tall wizard on either side of her, Umbridge's velvet hair-bow level with her shoulder.What brings you here, Runcorn? asked the new Minister of Magic. His long black hair and beard were streaked with silver and a great overhanging forehead shadowed his glinting eyes, putting Harry in the mind of a crab looking out from beneath a rock.Needed a quick word with, Harry hesitated for a fraction of a second, Arthur Weasley. Someone said he was up on level one.Ah, said Plum Thicknesse. Has he been caught having contact with an Undesirable?No, said Harry, his throat dry. No, nothing like that.Ah, well. It's only a matter of time, said Thicknesse. If you ask me, the blood traitors are as bad as the Mudbloods. Good day, Runcorn.Good day, Minister.Harry watched Thicknesse march away along the thickly carpeted corridor. The moment the Minister had passed out of sight, Harry tugged the Invisibility Cloak out from under his heavy black cloak, threw it over himself, and set off along the corridor in the opposite direction. Runcorn was so tall that Harry was forced to stoop to make sure his big feet were hidden.Panic pulsed in the pit of his stomach. As he passed gleaming wooden door after gleaming wooden door, each bearing a small plaque with the owner's name and occupation upon it, the might of the Ministry, its complexity, its impenetrability, seemed to force itself upon him so that the plan he had been carefully concocting with Ron and Hermione over the past four weeks seemed laughably childish. They had concentrated all their efforts on getting inside without being detected: They had not given a moment's thought to what they would do if they were forced to separate. Now Hermione was stuck in court proceedings, which would undoubtedly last hours	 Ron was struggling to do magic that Harry was sure was beyond him, a woman's liberty possibly depending on the outcome, and he, Harry, was wandering around on the top floor when he knew perfectly well that his quarry had just gone down in the lift.He stopped walking, leaned against a wall, and tried to decide what to do. The silence pressed upon him: There was no bustling or talk or swift footsteps here the purple-carpeted corridors were as hushed as though the Muffliato charm had been cast over the place.Her office must be up here, Harry thought.It seemed most unlikely that Umbridge would keep her jewelry in her office, but on the other hand it seemed foolish not to search it to make sure. He therefore set off along the corridor again, passing nobody but a frowning wizard who was murmuring instructions to a quill that floated in front of him, scribbling on a trail of parchment.Now paying attention to the names on the doors, Harry turned a corner. Halfway along the next corridor he emerged into a wide, open space where a dozen witches and wizards sat in rows at small desks not unlike school desks, though much more highly polished and free from graffiti. Harry paused to watch them, for the effect was quite mesmerizing. They were all waving and twiddling their wands in unison, and squares of colored paper were flying in every direction like little pink kites. After a few seconds, Harry realized that there was a rhythm to the proceedings, that the papers all formed the same pattern and after a few more seconds he realized what he was watching was the creation of pamphlets C that the paper squares were pages, which, when assembled, folded and magicked into place, fell into neat stacks beside each witch or wizard.Harry crept closer, although the workers were so intent on what they were doing that he doubted they would notice a carpet-muffled footstep, and he slid a completed pamphlet from the pile beside a young witch. He examined it beneath the Invisibility Cloak. Its pink cover was emblazoned with a golden title:Mudbloodsand the Dangers They Pose to a Peaceful Pure-Blood SocietyBeneath the title was a picture of a red rose with a simpering face in the middle of its petals, being strangled by a green weed with fangs and a scowl. There was no author's name upon the pamphlet, but again, the scars on the back of his right hand seemed to tingle as he examined it. Then the young witch beside him confirmed his suspicion as she said, still waving and twirling her wand, Will the old hag be interrogating Mudbloods all day, does anyone know?Careful, said the wizard beside her, glancing around nervously	 one of his pages slipped and fell to the floor.What, has she got magic ears as well as an eye, now?The witch glanced toward the shining mahogany door facing the space full of pamphlet-makers	 Harry looked too, and the rage reared in him like a snake. Where there might have been a peephole on a Muggle front door, a large, round eye with a bright blue iris had been set into the wood C an eye that was shockingly familiar to anybody who had known Alastor Moody.For a split second Harry forgot where he was and what he was doing there: He even forgot that he was invisible. He strode straight over to the door to examine the eye. It was not moving. It gazed blindly upward, frozen. The plaque beneath it read:Dolores UmbridgeSenior Undersecretary to the MinisterBelow that a slightly shinier new plaque read:Head of the Muggle-Born Registration CommissionHarry looked back at the dozen pamphlet-makers: Though they were intent upon their work, he could hardly suppose that they would not notice if the door of an empty office opened in front of them. He therefore withdrew from an inner pocket an odd object with little waving legs and a rubber-bulbed horn for a body. Crouching down beneath the Cloak, he placed the Decoy Detonator on the ground.It scuttled away at once through the legs of the witches and wizards in front of him. A few moments later, during which Harry waited with his hand upon the doorknob, there came a loud bang and a great deal of acrid smoke billowed from a corner. The young witch in the front row shrieked: Pink pages flew everywhere as she and her fellows jumped up, looking around for the source of the commotion. Harry turned the doorknob, stepped into Umbridge's office, and closed the door behind him.He felt he had stepped back in time. The room was exactly like Umbridge's office at Hogwarts: Lace draperies, doilies and dried flowers covered every surface. The walls bore the same ornamental plates, each featuring a highly colored, beribboned kitten, gamboling and frisking with sickening cuteness. The desk was covered with a flouncy, flowered cloth. Behind Mad-eye's eye, a telescopic attachment enabled Umbridge to spy on the workers on the other side of the door. Harry took a look through it and saw that they were all still gathered around the Decoy Detonator. He wrenched the telescope out of the door, leaving a hole behind, pulled the magical eyeball out of it, and placed it in his pocket. The he turned to face the room again, raised his wand, and murmured, Accio Locker.Nothing happened, but he had not expected it to	 no doubt Umbridge knew all about protective charms and spells. He therefore hurried behind her desk and began pulling open all the drawers. He saw quills and notebooks and Spellotape	 enchanted paper clips that coiled snakelike from their drawer and had be beaten back	 a fussy little lace box full of spare hair bows and clips	 but no sign of a locket.There was a filing cabinet behind the desk: Harry set to searching it. Like Filch's filing cabinet at Hogwarts, it was full of folders, each labeled with a name. It was not until Harry reached the bottommost drawer that he saw something to distract him from the search: Mr. Weasley's file.He pulled it out and opened it.Arthur WeasleyBlood Status: Pureblood, but with unacceptable pro-Muggle leanings. Known member of the Order of the Phoenix. Family: Wife (pureblood), seven children, two youngest at Hogwarts. NB: Youngest son currently at home, seriously ill, Ministry inspectors have confirmed. Security Status: TRACKED. All movements are being monitored. Strong likelihood Undesirable No. 1 will contact (has stayed with Weasley family previously) Undesirable Number One, Harry muttered under his breath as he replaced Mr. Weasley's folder and shut the drawer. He had an idea he knew who that was, and sure enough, as he straightened up and glanced around the office for fresh hiding places he saw a poster of himself on the wall, with the words UNDESIRABLE NO. 1 emblazoned across his chest. A little pink note was stuck to it with a picture of a kitten in the corner. Harry moved across to read it and saw that Umbridge had written, To be punished.Angrier than ever, he proceeded to grope in the bottoms of the vases and baskets of dried flowers, but was not at all surprised that the locket was not there. He gave the office one last sweeping look, and his heart skipped a beat. Dumbledore was staring at him from a small rectangular mirror, propped up on a bookcase beside the desk.Harry crossed the room at a run and snatched it up, but realized that the moment he touched it that it was not a mirror at all. Dumbledore was smiling wistfully out of the front cover of a glossy book. Harry had not immediately noticed the curly green writing across his hat C The Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore C nor the slightly smaller writing across his chest: by Rita Skeeter, bestselling author of Armando Dippet: Master or Moron?Harry opened the book at random and saw a full-page photograph of two teenage boys, both laughing immoderately with their arms around each other's shoulders. Dumbledore, now with elbow-length hair, had grown a tiny wispy beard that recalled the one on Krum's chin that had so annoyed Ron. The boy who roared in silent amusement beside Dumbledore had a gleeful, wild look about him. His golden hair fell in curls to his shoulders. Harry wondered whether it was a young Doge, but before he could check the caption, the door of the office opened.If Thicknesse had not been looking over his shoulder as he entered, Harry would not have had time to pull the Invisibility Cloak over himself. As it was, he thought Thicknesse might have caught a glimpse of movement, because for a moment or two he remained quite still, staring curiously at the place where Harry had just vanished. Perhaps deciding that that all he had seen was Dumbledore scratching his nose on the front of the book, for Harry had hastily replaced it upon the shelf. Thicknesse finally walked to the desk and pointed his wand at the quill standing ready in the ink pot. It sprang out and began scribbling a note to Umbridge. Very slowly, hardly daring to breathe, Harry backed out of the office into the open area beyond.The pamphlet-makers were still clustered around the remains of the Decoy Detonator, which continued to hoot feebly as it smoked. Harry hurried off up the corridor as the young witch said, I bet it sneaked up here from Experimental Charms, they're so careless, remember that poisonous duck?Speeding back toward the lifts, Harry reviewed his options. It had never been likely that the locket was here at the Ministry, and there was no hope of bewitching its whereabouts out of Umbridge while she was sitting in a crowded court. Their priority now had to be to leave the Ministry before they were exposed, and try again another day. The first thing to do was to find Ron, and then they could work out a way of extracting Hermione from the courtroom.The lift was empty when it arrived. Harry jumped in and pulled off the Invisibility Cloak as it started its descent. To his enormous relief, when it rattled to a halt at level two, a soaking-wet and wild-eyed Ron got in.M-morning, he stammered to Harry as the lift set off again.Ron, it's me, Harry!Harry! Blimey, I forgot what you looked like C why isn't Hermione with you?She had to go down to the courtrooms with Umbridge, she couldn't refuse, and C But before Harry could finish the lift had stopped again. The doors opened and Mr. Weasley walked inside, talking to an elderly witch whose blonde hair was teased so high it resembled an anthill.... I quite understand what you're saying, Wakanda, but I'm afraid I cannot be party to C Mr. Weasley broke off	 he had noticed Harry. It was very strange to have Mr. Weasley glare at him with that much dislike. The lift doors closed and the four of them trundled downward once more.Oh hello, Reg, said Mr. Weasley, looking around at the sound of steady dripping from Ron's robes. Isn't your wife in for questioning today? Er C what's happened to you? Why are you so wet?Yaxley's office is raining, said Ron. He addressed Mr. Weasley's shoulder, and Harry felt sure he was scared that his father might recognize him if they looked directly into each other's eyes. I couldn't stop it, so they've sent me to get Bernie C Pillsworth, I think they said C Yes, a lot of offices have been raining lately, said Mr. Weasley. Did you try Meterolojinx Recanto? It worked for Bletchley.Meteolojinx Recanto? whispered Ron. No, I didn't. Thanks, D C I mean, thanks, Arthur.The lift doors opened	 the old witch with the anthill hair left, and Ron darted past her out of sight. Harry made to follow him, but found his path blocked as Percy Weasley strode into the lift, his nose buried in some papers he was reading.Not until the doors had clanged shut again did Percy realize he was in a lit with his father. He glanced up, saw Mr. Weasley, turned radish red, and left the lift the moment the doors opened again. For the second time, Harry tried to get out, but this time found his way blocked by Mr. Weasley's arm.One moment, Runcorn.The lift doors closed and as they clanked down another floor, Mr. Weasley said, I hear you had information about Dirk Cresswell.Harry had the impression that Mr. Weasley's anger was no less because of the brush with Percy. He decided his best chance was to act stupid.Sorry? he said.Don't pretend, Runcorn, said Mr. Weasley fiercely. You tracked down the wizard who faked his family tree, didn't you?I C so what if I did? said Harry.So Dirk Cresswell is ten times the wizard you are, said Mr. Weasley quietly, as the lift sank ever lower. And if he survives Azkaban, you'll have to answer to him, not to mention his wife, his sons, and his friends C Arthur, Harry interrupted, you know you're being tracked, don't you?Is that a threat, Runcorn? said Mr. Weasley loudly.No, said Harry, it's a fact! They're watching your every move C The lift doors opened. They had reached the Atrium. Mr. Weasley gave Harry a scathing look and swept from the lift. Harry stood there, shaken. He wished he was impersonating somebody other than Runcorn.... The lift doors clanged shut.Harry pulled out the Invisibility Cloak and put it back on. He would try to extricate Hermione on his own while Ron was dealing with the raining office. When the doors opened, he stepped out into a torch-lit stone passageway quite different from the wood-paneled and carpeted corridors above. As the left rattled away again, Harry shivered slightly, looking toward the distant black door that marked the entrance to the Department of Mysteries.He set off, his destination not the black door, but the doorway he remembered on the left hand side, which opened onto the flight of stairs down to the court chambers. His mind grappled with possibilities as he crept down them: He still had a couple of Decoy Detonators, but perhaps it would be better to simply knock on the courtroom door, enter as Runcorn, and ask for a quick word with Mafalda? Of course, he did not know whether Runcorn was sufficiently important to get away with this, and even if he managed it, Hermione's non-reappearance might trigger a search before they were clear of the Ministry....Lost in thought, he did not immediately register the unnatural chill that was creeping over him, as if he were descending into fog. It was becoming colder and colder with every step he took	 a cold that reached right down his throat and tore at his lungs. And then he felt that stealing sense of despair, or hopelessness, filling him, expanding inside him....Dementors, he thought.And as he reached the foot of the stairs and turned to his right he saw a dreadful scene. The dark passage outside the courtrooms was packed with tall, black-hooded figures, their faces completely hidden, their ragged breathing the only sound in the place. The petrified Muggle-borns brought in for questioning sat huddled and shivering on hard wooden benches. Most of them were hiding their faces in their hands, perhaps in an instinctive attempt to shield themselves from the dementors' greedy mouths. Some were accompanied by families, others sat alone. The dementors were gliding up and down in front of them, and the cold, and the hopelessness, and the despair of the place laid themselves upon Harry like a curse....Fight it, he told himself, but he knew that he could not conjure a Patronus here without revealing himself instantly. So he moved forward as silently as he could, and with every step he took numbness seemed to steal over his brain, but he forced himself to think of Hermione and of Ron, who needed him.Moving through the towering black figures was terrifying: The eyeless faces hidden beneath their hoods turned as he passed, and he felt sure that they sensed him, sensed, perhaps, a human presence that still had some hope, some resilience....And then, abruptly and shockingly amid the frozen silence, one of the dungeon doors on the left of the corridor was flung open and screams echoed out of it.No, no, I'm half-blood, I'm half-blood, I tell you! My father was a wizard, he was, look him up, Arkie Alderton, he's a well known broomstick designer, look him up, I tell you C get your hands off me, get your hands off C This is your final warning, said Umbridge's soft voice, magically magnified so that it sounded clearly over the man's desperate screams. If you struggle, you will be subjected to the Dementor's Kiss.The man's screams subsided, but dry sobs echoed through the corridor.Take him away, said Umbridge.Two dementors appeared in the doorway of the courtroom, their rotting, scabbed hands clutching the upper arms of a wizard who appeared to be fainting. They glided away down the corridor with him, and the darkness they trailed behind them swallowed him from sight.Next C Mary Cattermole, called Umbridge.A small woman stood up	 she was trembling from head to foot. Her dark hair was smoothed back into a bun and she wore long plain robes. Her face was completely bloodless. As she passed the dementors, Harry saw her shudder.He did it instinctively, without any sort of plan, because he hated the sight of her walking alone into the dungeon: As the door began to swing closed, he slipped into the courtroom behind her.It was not the same room in which he had once been interrogated for improper use of magic. This one was much smaller, though the ceiling was quite as high it gave the claustrophobic sense of being stuck at the bottom of a deep well.There were more dementors in here, casting their freezing aura over the place	 they stood like faceless sentinels in the corners farthest from the high, raised platform. Here, behind a balustrade, sat Umbridge, with Yaxley on one side of her, and Hermione, quite as white-faced as Mrs. Cattermole, on the other. At the foot of the platform, a bight-silver, long-haired cat prowled up and down, up and down, and Harry realized that it was there to protect the prosecutors from the despair that emanated from the dementors: That was for the accused to feel, not the accusers.Sit down, said Umbridge in her soft, silky voice.Mrs. Cattermole stumbled to the single seat in the middle of the floor beneath the raised platform. The moment she had sat down, chains clinked out of the arms of the chair and bound her there.You are Mary Elizabeth Cattermole? asked Umbridge.Mrs. Cattermole gave a single, shaky nod.Married to Reginald Cattermole of the Magical Maintenance Department?Mrs. Cattermole burst into tears.I don't know where he is, he was supposed to meet me here!Umbridge ignored her.Mother to Maisie, Ellie and Alfred Cattermole?Mrs. Cattermole sobbed harder than ever.They're frightened, they think that I might not come home C Spare us, spat Yaxley. The brats of Mudbloods do not stir our sympathies.Mrs. Cattermole's sobs masked Harry's footsteps as he made his way carefully toward the steps that led up to the raised platform. The moment he had passed the place where the Patronus cat patrolled, he felt the change in temperature: It was warm and comfortable here. The Patronus, he was sure, was Umbridge's, and it glowed brightly because she was so happy here, in her element, upholding the twisted laws she had helped to write. Slowly and very carefully he edged his way along the platform behind Umbridge, Yaxley, and Hermione, taking a seat behind the latter. He was worried about making Hermione jump. He thought of casting the Muffliato charm upon Umbridge and Yaxley, but even murmuring the word might cause Hermione alarm. Then Umbridge raised her voice to address Mrs. Cattermole, and Harry seized his chance.I'm behind you, he whispered into Hermione's ear.As he had expected, she jumped so violently she nearly overturned the bottle of ink with which she was supposed to be recording the interview, but both Umbridge and Yaxley were concentrating upon Mrs. Cattermole, and this went unnoticed.A wand was taken from you upon your arrival at the Ministry today, Mrs. Cattermole, Umbridge was saying. Eight-and-three-quarter inches, cherry, unicorn-hair core. Do you recognize the description?Mrs. Cattermole nodded, mopping her eyes on her sleeve.Could you please tell us from which witch or wizard you took that wand?T-took? sobbed Mrs. Cattermole. I didn't t-take it from anybody. I b-bought it when I was eleven years old. It C it C it C chose me.She cried harder than ever.Umbridge laughed a soft girlish laugh that made Harry want to attack her. She leaned forward over the barrier, the better to observe her victim, and something gold swung forward too, and dangled over the void: the locket.Hermione had seen it	 she let out a little squeak, but Umbridge and Yaxley, still intent upon their prey, were deaf to everything else.No, said Umbridge, no, I don't think so, Mrs. Cattermole. Wands only choose witches or wizards. You are not a witch. I have your responses to the questionnaire that was sent to you here C Mafalda, pass them to me.Umbridge held out a small hand: She looked so toadlike at that moment that Harry was quite surprised not to see webs between the stubby fingers. Hermione's hands were shaking with shock. She fumbled in a pile of documents balanced on the chair beside her, finally withdrawing a sheaf of parchment with Mrs. Cattermole's name on it.That's C that's pretty, Dolores, she said, pointing at the pendant gleaming in the ruffled folds of Umbridge's blouse.What? snapped Umbridge, glancing down. Oh yes C an old family heirloom, she said, patting the locket lying on her large bosom. The S stands for Selwyn.... I am related to the Selwyns.... Indeed, there are few pure-blood families to whom I am not related. ...A pity, she continued in a louder voice, flicking through Mrs. Cattermole's questionnaire, that the same cannot be said for you. 'Parents professions: greengrocers'.Yaxley laughed jeeringly. Below, the fluffy silver cat patrolled up and down, and the dementors stood waiting in the corners.It was Umbridge's lie that brought the blood surging into Harry's brain and obliterated his sense of caution C that the locket she had taken as a bribe from a petty criminal was being used to bolster her own pure-blood credentials. He raised his wand, not even troubling to keep it concealed beneath the Invisibility Cloak, and said, Stupefy!There was a flash of red light
Deathly Hallows=Harry opened his eyes and was dazzled by gold and green	 he had no idea what had happened, he only knew that he was lying on what seemed to be leaves and twigs. Struggling to draw breath into lungs that felt flattened, he blinked and realized that the gaudy glare was sunlight streaming through a canopy of leaves far above him. Then an object twitched close to his face. He pushed himself onto his hands and knees, ready to face some small, fierce creature, but saw that the object was Ron's foot. Looking around, Harry saw that they and Hermione were lying on a forest floor, apparently alone.Harry's first thought was of the Forbidden Forest, and for a moment, even though he knew how foolish and dangerous it would be for them to appear in the grounds of Hogwarts, his heart leapt at the thought of sneaking through the trees to Hagrid's hut. However, in the few moments it took for Ron to give a low groan and Harry to start crawling toward him, he realized that this was not the Forbidden Forest	 The trees looked younger, they were more widely spaced, the ground clearer.He met Hermione, also on her hands and knees, at Ron's head. The moment his eyes fell upon Ron, all other concerns fled Harry's mind, for blood drenched the whole of Ron's left side and his face stood out, grayish-white, against the leaf-strewn earth. The Polyjuice Potion was wearing off now: Ron was halfway between Cattermole and himself in appearance, his hair turning redder and redder as his face drained of the little color it had left.What's happened to him?Splinched, said Hermione, her fingers already busy at Ron's sleeve, where the blood was wettest and darkest.Harry watched, horrified, as she tore open Ron's short. He had always thought of Splinching as something comical, but this... His insides crawled unpleasantly as Hermione laid bare Ron's upper arm, where a great chunk of flesh was missing, scooped cleanly away as though by a knife.Harry, quickly, in my bag, there's a small bottle labeled 'Essence of Dittany'C Bag C right C Harry sped to the place where Hermione had landed, seized the tiny beaded bag, and thrust his hand inside it. At once, object after object began presenting itself to his touch: He felt the leather spines of books, woolly sleeves of jumpers, heels of shoes CQuickly!He grabbed his wand from the ground and pointed it into the depths of the magical bag.Accio Dittany!A small brown bottle zoomed out of the bag	 he caught it and hastened back to Hermione and Ron, whose eyes were now half-closed, strips of white eyeball all that were visible between his lids.He's fainted, said Hermione, who was also rather pale	 she no longer looked like Mafalda, though her hair was still gray in places. Unstopper it for me, Harry, my hands are shaking.Harry wrenched the stopper off the little bottle, Hermione took it and poured three drops of the potion onto the bleeding wound. Greenish smoke billowed upward and when it had cleared, Harry saw that the bleeding had stopped. The wound now looked several days old	 new skin stretched over what had just been open flesh.Wow, said Harry.It's all I feel safe doing, said Hermione shakily. There are spells that would put him completely right, but I daren't try in case I do them wrong and cause more damage.... He's lost so much blood already....How did he get hurt? I mean C Harry shook his head, trying to clear it, to make sense of whatever had just taken place C why are we here? I thought we were going back to Grimmauld Place?Hermione took a deep breath. She looked close to tears.Harry, I don't think we're going to be able to go back there.What d'you C?As we Disapparated, Yaxley caught hold of me and I couldn't get rid of him, he was too strong, and he was still holding on when we arrived at Grimmauld Place, and then C well, I think he must have seen the door, and thought we were stopping there, so he slackened his grip and I managed to sake him off and I brought us here instead!But then, where's he? Hang on.... You don't mean he's at Grimmauld Place? He can't get in there?Her eyes sparkled with unshed tears as she nodded.Harry, I think he can. I C I forced him to let go with a Revulsion Jinx, but I'd already taken him inside the Fidelius Charm's protection. Since Dumbledore died, we're Secret-Keepers, so I've given him the secret, haven't I?There was no pretending	 Harry was sure she was right. It was a serious blow. If Yaxley could now get inside the house, there was no way that they could return. Even now, he could be bringing other Death Eaters in there by Apparition. Gloomy and oppressive though the house was, it had been their one safe refuge	 even, now that Kreacher was so much happier and friendlier, a kind of home. With a twinge of regret that had nothing to do with food, Harry imagined the house-elf busying himself over the steak-and-kidney pie that Harry, Ron, and Hermione would never eat.Harry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry!Don't be stupid, it wasn't your fault! If anything, it was mine....Harry put his hand in his pocket and drew out Mad-Eye's eye. Hermione recoiled, looking horrified.Umbridge had stuck it to her office door, to spy on people. I couldn't leave it there... but that's how they knew there were intruders.Before Hermione could answer, Ron groaned and opened his eyes. He was still gray and his face glistened with sweat.How d'you feel? Hermione whispered.Lousy, croaked Ron, wincing as he felt his injured arm. Where are we?In the woods where they held the Quidditch World Cup, said Hermione. I wanted somewhere enclosed, undercover, and this was C C the first place you thought of, Harry finished for her, glancing around at the apparently deserted glade. He could not help remembering what had happened the last time they had Apparated to the first place Hermione had thought of C how Death Eaters had found them within minutes. Had it been Legilimency? Did Voldemort or his henchmen know, even now, where Hermione had taken them?D'you reckon we should move on? Ron asked Harry, and Harry could tell by the look on Ron's face that he was thinking the same.I dunno.Ron still looked pale and clammy. He had made no attempt to sit up and it looked as though he was too weak to do so. The prospect of moving him was daunting.Let's stay here for now, Harry said.Looking relieved, Hermione sprang to her feet.Where are you going? asked Ron.If we're staying, we should put some protective enchantments around the place, she replied, and raising her wand, she began to walk in a wide circle around Harry and Ron, murmuring incantations as she went. Harry saw little disturbances in the surrounding air: It was as if Hermione had cast a heat haze upon their clearing.Salvio Hexia... Protego Totalum... Repello Muggletum... Muffliato... You could get out the tent, Harry....Tent?In the bag!In the... of course, said Harry.He did not bother to grope inside it this time, but used another Summoning Charm. The tent emerged in a lumpy mass of canvas, ropes, and poles. Harry recognized it, partly because of the smell of cats, as the same tent in which they had slept on the night of the Quidditch World Cup.I thought this belonged to that bloke Perkins at the Ministry? he asked, starting to disentangle the pent pegs.Apparently he didn't want it back, his lumbago's so bad, said Hermione, now performing complicated figure-of-eight movements with her wand. so Ron's dad said I could borrow it. Erecto! she added, pointing her wand at the misshapen canvas, which in one fluid motion rose into the air and settled, fully constructed, onto the ground before Harry, out of whose startled hands a tent peg soared, to land with a final thud at the end of a guy rope.Cave Inimicum, Hermione finished with a skyward flourish. That's as much as I can do. At the very least, we should know they're coming	 I can't guarantee it will keep out Vol C Don't say the name! Ron cut across her, his voice harsh.Harry and Hermione looked at each other.I'm sorry, Ron said, moaning a little as he raised himself to look at them, but it feels like a C a jinx or something. Can't we call him You-Know-Who C please?Dumbledore said fear of a name C  began Harry.In case you hadn't noticed, mate, calling You-Know-Who by his name didn't do Dumbledore much good in the end, Ron snapped back. Just C just show You-Know-Who some respect, will you?Respect? Harry repeated, but Hermione shot him a warning look	 apparently he was not to argue with Ron while the latter was in such a weakened condition.Harry and Hermione half carried, half dragged Ron through the entrance of the tent. The interior was exactly as Harry remembered it	 a small flat, complete with bathroom and tiny kitchen. He shoved aside an old armchair and lowered Ron carefully onto the lower berth of a bunk bed. Even this very short journey had turned Ron whiter still, and once they had settled him on the mattress he closed his eyes again and did not speak for a while.I'll make some tea, said Hermione breathlessly, pulling kettle and mugs from the depths of her bag and heading toward the kitchen.Harry found the hot drink as welcome as the firewhisky had been on the night that Mad-Eye had died	 it seemed to burn away a little of the fear fluttering in his chest. After a minute or two, Ron broke the silence.What d'you reckon happened to the Cattermoles?With any luck, they'll have got away, said Hermione, clutching her hot mug for comfort. As long as Mr. Cattermole had his wits about him, he'll have transported Mrs. Cattermole by Side-Along-Apparition and they'll be fleeing the country right now with their children. That's what Harry told her to do.Blimey, I hope they escaped, said Ron, leaning back on his pillows. The tea seemed to be doing him good	 a little of his color had returned. I didn't get the feeling Reg Cattermole was all that quick-witted, though, the way everyone was talking to me when I was him. God, I hope they made it.... If they both end up in Azkaban because of us...Harry looked over at Hermione and the question he had been about to ask C about whether Mrs. Cattermole's lack of a wand would prevent her Apparating alongside her husband C died in his throat. Hermione was watching Ron fret over the fate of the Cattermoles, and there was such tenderness in her expression that Harry felt almost as if he had surprised her in the act of kissing him.So, have you got it? Harry asked her, partly to remind her that he was there.Got C got what? she said with a little start.What did we just go through all that for? The locket! Where's the locket?You got it? shouted Ron, raising himself a little higher on his pillows. No one tells me anything! Blimey, you could have mentioned it!Well, we were running for our lives from the Death Eaters, weren't we? said Hermione. Here.And she pulled the locket out of the pocket of her robes and handed it to Ron.It was as large as a chicken's egg. An ornate letter S, inlaid with many small green stones, glinted dully in the diffused light shining through the tent's canvas roof.There isn't any chance someone's destroyed it since Kreacher had it? asked Ron hopefully. I mean, are we sure it's still a Horcrux?I think so, said Hermione, taking it back from him and looking at it closely. There'd be some sign of damage if it had been magically destroyed.She passed it to Harry, who turned it over in his fingers. The thing looked perfect, pristine. He remembered the mangled remains of the diary, and how the stone in the Horcrux ring had been cracked open when Dumbledore destroyed it.I reckon Kreacher's right, said Harry. We're going to have to work out how to open this thing before we can destroy it.Sudden awareness of what he was holding, of what lived behind the little golden doors, hit Harry as he spoke. Even after all their efforts to find it, he felt a violent urge to fling the locket from him. Mastering himself again, he tried to pry the locket apart with his fingers, then attempted the charm Hermione had used to open Regulus's bedroom door. Neither worked. He handed the locket back to Ron and Hermione, each of whom did their best, but were no more successful at opening it than he had been.Can you feel it, though? Ron asked in a hushed voice, as he held it tight in his clenched fist.What d'you mean?Ron passed the Horcrux to Harry. After a moment or two, Harry thought he knew what Ron meant. Was it his own blood pulsing through his veins that he could feel, or was it something beating inside the locket, like a tiny metal heart?What are we going to do with it? Hermione asked.Keep it safe till we work out how to destroy it. Harry replied, and, little though he wanted to, he hung the chain around his own neck, dropping the locket out of sight beneath his robes, where it rested against his chest beside the pouch Hagrid had given him.I think we should take it in turns to keep watch outside the tent, he added to Hermione, standing up and stretching. And we'll need to think about some food as well. You stay there, he added sharply, as Ron attempted to sit up and turned a nasty shade of green.With the Sneakoscope Hermione had given Harry for his birthday set carefully upon the table in the tent, Harry and Hermione spent the rest of the day sharing the role of lookout. However, the Sneakoscope remained silent and still upon its point all day, and whether because of the protective enchantments and Muggle-repelling charms Hermione had spread around them, or because people rarely ventured this way, their patch of wood remained deserted, apart from occasional birds and squirrels. Evening brought no change	 Harry lit his wand as he swapped places with Hermione at ten o'clock, and looked out upon a deserted scene, noting the bats fluttering high above him across the single patch of starry sky visible from their protected clearing.He felt hungry now, and a little light-headed. Hermione had not packed any food in her magical bag, as she had assumed that they would be returning to Grimmauld Place that night, so they had had nothing to eat except some wild mushrooms that Hermione had collected from amongst the nearest trees and stewed in a Billycan. After a couple of mouthfuls Ron had pushed his portion away, looking queasy
Deathly Hallows=Early next morning, before the other two were awake, Harry left the tent to search the woods around them for the oldest, most gnarled, and resilient-looking tree he could find. There in its shadows he buried Mad-Eye Moody's eye and marked the spot by gouging a small cross in the bark with his wand. It was not much, but Harry felt that Mad-Eye would have much preferred this to being stuck on Dolores Umbridge's door. Then he returned to the tent to wait for the others to wake, and discuss what they were going to do next.Harry and Hermione felt that it was best not to stay anywhere too long, and Ron agreed, with the sole proviso that their next move took them within reach of a bacon sandwich. Hermione therefore removed the enchantments she had placed around the clearing, while Harry and Ron obliterated all the marks and impressions on the ground that might show they had camped there. Then they Disapparated to the outskirts of a small market town.Once they had pitched the tent in the shelter of a small copse of trees and surrounded it with freshly cast defensive enchantments. Harry ventured out under the Invisibility Cloak to find sustenance. This, however, did not go as planned. He had barely entered the town when an unnatural chill, a descending mist, and a sudden darkening of the skies made him freeze where he stood.But you can make a brilliant Patronus! protested Ron, when Harry arrived back at the tent empty handed, out of breath, and mouthing the single word, dementors.I couldn't... make one. he panted, clutching the stitch in his side. Wouldn't... come.Their expressions of consternation and disappointment made Harry feel ashamed. It had been a nightmarish experience, seeing the dementors gliding out of the must in the distance and realizing, as the paralyzing cold choked his lungs and a distant screaming filled his ears, that he was not going to be able to protect himself. It had taken all Harry's willpower to uproot himself from the spot and run, leaving the eyeless dementors to glide amongst the Muggles who might not be able to see them, but would assuredly feel the despair they cast wherever they went.So we still haven't got any food.Shut up, Ron, snapped Hermione. Harry, what happened? Why do you think you couldn't make your Patronus? You managed perfectly yesterday!I don't know.He sat low in one of Perkins's old armchairs, feeling more humiliated by the moment. He was afraid that something had gone wrong inside him. Yesterday seemed a long time ago: Today me might have been thirteen years old again, the only one who collapsed on the Hogwarts Express.Ron kicked a chair leg.What? he snarled at Hermione. I'm starving! All I've had since I bled half to death is a couple of toadstools!You go and fight your way through the dementors, then, said Harry, stung.I would, but my arm's in a sling, in case you hadn't noticed!That's convenient.And what's that supposed to C?Of course! cried Hermione, clapping a hand to her forehead and startling both of them into silence. Harry, give me the locket! Come on, she said impatiently, clicking her fingers at him when he did not react, the Horcrux, Harry, you're still wearing it!She held out her hands, and Harry lifted the golden chain over his head. The moment it parted contact with Harry's skin he felt oddly light. He had not even realized that he was clammy or that there was a heavy weight pressing on his stomach until both sensations lifted.Better? asked Hermione.Yeah, loads better!Harry, she said, crouching down in front of him and using the kind of voice he associated with visiting the very sick, you don't think you've been possessed, do you?What? No! he said defensively, I remember everything we've done while I've bee wearing it. I wouldn't know what I'd done if I'd been possessed, would I? Ginny told me there were times when she couldn't remember anything.Hmm, said Hermione, looking down at the heavy locket. Well, maybe we ought not to wear it. We can just keep it in the tent.We are not leaving that Horcrux lying around, Harry stated firmly. If we lose it, if it gets stolen C Oh, all right, all right, said Hermione, and she placed it around her own neck and tucked it out of sight down the front of her shirt. But we'll take turns wearing it, so nobody keeps it on too long.Great, said Ron irritably, and now we've sorted that out, can we please get some food?Fine, but we'll go somewhere else to find it, said Hermione with half a glance at Harry. There's no point staying where we know dementors are swooping around.In the end they settled down for the night in a far flung field belonging to a lonely farm, from which they had managed to obtain eggs and bread.It's not stealing, is it? asked Hermione in a troubled voice, as they devoured scrambled eggs on toast. Not if I left some money under the chicken coo?Ron rolled his eyes and said, with his cheeks bulging, Er-my-nee, 'oo worry 'oo much. 'Elax!And, indeed, it was much easier to relax when they were comfortably well fed. The argument about the dementors was forgotten in laughter that night, and Harry felt cheerful, even hopeful, as he took the first of the three night watches.This was their first encounter with the fact that a full stomach meant good spirits, an empty one, bickering and gloom. Harry was least surprised by this, because be had suffered periods of near starvation at the Dursleys'. Hermione bore up reasonably well on those nights when they managed to scavenge nothing but berries or stale biscuits, her temper perhaps a little shorter than usual and her silences dour. Ron, however, had always been used to three delicious meals a day, courtesy of his mother or of the Hogwarts house-elves, and hunger made him both unreasonable and irascible. Whenever lack of food coincided with Ron's turn to wear the Horcrux, he became downright unpleasant.So where next? was his constant refrain. He did not seem to have any ideas himself, but expected Harry and Hermione to come up with plans while he sat and brooded over the low food supplies. Accordingly Harry and Hermione spent fruitless hours trying to decide where they might find the other Horcruxes, and how to destroy the one they already got, their conversations becoming increasingly repetitive as they got no new information.As Dumbledore had told Harry that he believed Voldemort had hidden the Horcruxes in places important to him, they kept reciting, in a sort of dreary litany, those locations they knew that Voldemort had lived or visited. The orphanage where he had been born and raised: Hogwarts, where he had been educated	 Borgin and Burks, where he had worked after completing school	 then Albania, where he had spent his years of exile: These formed the basis of their speculations.Yeah, let's go to Albania. Shouldn't take more than an afternoon to search an entire country, said Ron sarcastically.There can't be anything there. He'd already made five of his Horcruxes before he went into exile, and Dumbledore was certain the snake is the sixth, said Hermione. We know the snake's not in Albania, it's usually with Vol C Didn't I ask you to stop say that?Fine! The snake is usually with You-Know-Who C happy?Not particularly.I can't see him hiding anything at Borgin and Burkes. said Harry, who had made this point many times before, but said it again simply to break the nasty silence. Borgin and Burke were experts at Dark objects, they would've recognized a Horcrux straightaway.Ron yawned pointedly. Repressing a strong urge to throw something at him, Harry plowed on, I still reckon he might have hidden something at Hogwarts.Hermione sighed.But Dumbledore would have found it, Harry!Harry repeated the argument he kept bringing out in favor of this theory.Dumbledore said in front of me that he never assumed he knew all of Hogwart's secrets. I'm telling you, if there was one place Vol C Oi!YOU-KNOW-WHO, then! Harry shouted, goaded past endurance. If there was one place that was really important to You-Know-Who, it was Hogwarts!Oh, come on, scoffed Ron. His school?Yeah, his school! It was his first real home, the place that meant he was special: it meant everything to him, and even after he left C This is You-Know-Who we're talking about, right? Not you? inquired Ron. He was tugging at the chain of the Horcrux around his neck	 Harry was visited by a desire to seize it and throttle him.You told us that You-Know-Who asked Dumbledore to give him a job after he left, said Hermione.That's right, said Harry.And Dumbledore thought he only wanted to come back to try and find something, probably another founder's object, to make into another Horcrux?Yeah, said Harry.But he didn't get the job, did he? said Hermione. So he never got the chance to find a founder's object there and hide it in the school!Okay, then, said Harry, defeated. Forget Hogwarts.Without any other leads, they traveled into London and, hidden beneath the Invisibility Cloak, searching for the orphanage in which Voldemort had been raised. Hermione stole into a library and discovered from their records that the place had been demolished many years before. They visited its site and found a tower block of offices.We could try digging in to foundations? Hermione suggested halfheartedly.He wouldn't have hidden a Horcrux here, Harry said. He had known it all along. The orphanage had been the place Voldemort had been determined to escape	 he would never have hidden a part of his soul there. Dumbledore had shown Harry that Voldemort sought grandeur or mystique in his hiding places	 this dismal gray corner of London was as far removed as you could imagine from Hogwarts of the Ministry or a building like Gringotts, the Wizarding banks, with its gilded doors and marble floors.Even without any new idea, they continued to move through the countryside, pitching the tent in a different place each night for security. Every morning they made sure that they had removed all clues to their presence, then set off to find another lonely and secluded spot, traveling by Apparition to more woods, to the shadowy crevices of cliffs, to purple moors, gorse-covered mountainsides, and once a sheltered and pebbly cove. Every twelve hours or so they passed the Horcrux between them as though they were playing some perverse, slow-motion game of pass-the-parcel, where they dreaded the music stopping because the reward was twelve hours of increased fear and anxiety.Harry's scar kept prickling. It happened most often, he noticed, when he was wearing the Horcrux. Sometimes he could not stop himself reacting to the pain.What? What did you see? demanded Ron, whenever he noticed Harry wince.A face, muttered Harry, every time. The same face. The thief who stole from Gregorovitch.And Ron would turn away, making no effort to hide his disappointment. Harry knew that Ron was hoping to bear news of his family or the rest of the Order of the Phoenix, but after all, he, Harry, was not a television aerial	 he could only see what Voldemort was thinking at the time, not tune in to whatever took his fancy. Apparently Voldemort was dwelling endlessly on the unknown youth with the gleeful face, whose name and whereabouts, Harry felt sure, Voldemort knew no better than he did. As Harry's scar continued to burn and the merry, blond-haired boy swam tantalizingly in his memory, he learned to suppress any sign of pain or discomfort, for the other two showed nothing but impatience at the mention of the thief. He could not entirely blame them, when they were so desperate for a lead on the Horcruxes.As the days stretched into weeks, Harry began to suspect that Ron and Hermione were having conversations without, and about, him. Several times they stopped talking abruptly when Harry entered the tent, and twice he came accidentally upon them, huddled a little distance away, heads together and talking fast	 both times they fell silent when they realized he was approaching them and hastened to appear busy collecting wood or water.Harry could not help wondering whether they had only agreed to come on what now felt like a pointless and rambling journey because they thought he had some secret plan that they would learn in due course. Ron was making no effort to hide his bad mood, and Harry was starting to fear that Hermione too was disappointed by his poor leadership. In desperation he tried to think of further Horcrux locations, but the only one that continued to occur to him was Hogwarts, and as neither of the others thought this at all likely, he stopped suggesting it.Autumn rolled over the countryside as they moved through it. They were now pitching the tent on mulches of fallen leaves. Natural mists joined those cast by the dementors	 wind and rain added to their troubles. The fact that Hermione was getting better at identifying edible fungi could not altogether compensate for their continuing isolation, the lack of other people's company, or their total ignorance of what was going on in the war against Voldemort.My mother, said Ron on night, as they sat in the tent on a riverbank in Wales, can make good food appear out of thin air.He prodded moodily at the lumps of charred gray fish on his plate. Harry glanced automatically at Ron's neck and saw, as he has expected, the golden chain of the Horcrux glinting there. He managed to fight down the impulse to swear at Ron, whose attitude would, he knew, improve slightly when the time came to take off the locket.Your mother can't produce food out of thin air, said Hermione. no one can. Food is the first of the five Principal Exceptions to Gamp's Law of Elemental Transfigura C Oh, speak English, can't you? Ron said, prying a fish out from between his teeth.It's impossible to make good food out of nothing! You can Summon it if you know where it is, you can transform it, you can increase the quantity if you've already got some C Well, don't bother increasing this, it's disgusting, said Ron.Harry caught the fish and I did my best with it! I notice I'm always the one who ends up sorting out the food, because I'm a girl, I suppose!No, it's because you're supposed to be the best at magic! shot back Ron.Hermione jumped up and bits of roast pike slid off her tin plate onto the floor.You can do the cooking tomorrow, Ron, you can find the ingredients and try and charm them into something worth eating, and I'll sit here and pull faces and moan and you can see you C Shut up!, said Harry, leaping to his feet and holding up both hands. Shut up now!Hermione looked outraged.How can you side with him, he hardly ever does the cook C Hermione, be quiet, I can hear someone!He was listening hard, his hands still raised, warning them not to talk. Then, over the rush and gush of the dark river beside them, he heard voices again. He looked around at the Sneakoscope. It was not moving.You cast the Muffliato charm over us, right? he whispered to Hermione.I did everything, she whispered back, Muffliato, Muggle-Repelling and Disillusionment Charms, all of it. They shouldn't be able to hear of see us, whoever they are.Heavy scuffing and scraping noises, plus the sound of dislodged stones and twigs, told them that several people were clambering down the steep, wooded slope that descended to the narrow bank where they had pitched the tent. They drew their wands, waiting. The enchantments they had cast around themselves ought to be sufficient, in the near total darkness, to shield them from the notice of Muggles and normal witches and wizards. If these were Death Eaters, then perhaps their defenses were about to be tested by Dark Magic for the first time.The voices became louder but no more intelligible as the group of men reached the bank. Harry estimated that their owners were fewer than twenty feet away, but the cascading river made it impossible to tell for sure. Hermione snatched up the beaded bag and started to rummage	 after a moment she drew out three Extendible Ears and threw one each to Harry and Ron, who hastily inserted the ends of the flesh-colored strings into their ears and fed the other ends out of the tent entrance.Within seconds Harry heard a weary male voice.There ought to be a few salmon in here, or d'you reckon it's too early in the season? Accio Salmon!There were several distinct splashes and then the slapping sounds of fish against flesh. Somebody grunted appreciatively. Harry pressed the Extendable ear deeper into his own: Over the murmur of the river he could make out more voices, but they were not speaking English or any human language he had ever heard. It was a rough and unmelodious tongue, a string of rattling, guttural noises, and there seemed to be two speakers, one with a slightly lower, slower voice than the other.A fire danced into life on the other side of the canvas, large shadows passed between tent and flames. The delicious smell of baking salmon wafted tantalizingly in their direction. Then came the clinking of cutlery on plates, and the first man spoke again.Here, Griphook, Gornuk.Goblins! Hermione mouthed at Harry, who nodded.Thank you, said the goblins together in English.So, you three have been on the run how long? asked a new, mellow, and pleasant voice	 it was vaguely familiar to Harry, who pictured a round-bellied, cheerful-faced man.Six weeks... Seven... I forget, said the tired man. Met up with Griphook in the first couple of days and joined forces with Gornuk not long after. Nice to have a but of company. There was a pause, while knives scraped plates and tin mugs were picked up and replaced on the ground. What made you leave, Ted? continued the man.Knew they were coming for me, replied mellow-voiced Ted, and Harry suddenly knew who he was: Tonks's father. Heard Death Eaters were in the area last week and decided I'd better run for it. Refused to register as a Muggle-born on principle, see, so I knew it was a matter of time, knew I'd have to leave in the end. My wife should be okay, she's pure-blood. And then I met Dean here, what, a few days ago, son?Yeah, said another voice, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione stared at each other, silent but besides themselves with excitement, sure they recognized the voice of Dean Thomas, their fellow Gryffindor.Muggle-born, eh? asked the first man.Not sure , said Dean. My dad left my mum when I was a kid. I've got no proof he was a wizard, though.There was silence for a while, except for the sounds of munching	 then Ted spoke again.I've got to say, Dirk, I'm surprised to run into you. Pleased, but surprised. Word was that you'd been caught.I was, said Dirk. I was halfway to Azkaban when I made a break for it. Stunned Dawlish, and nicked his broom. It was easier than you'd think	 I don't reckon he's quite right at the moment. Might be Confunded. If so, I'd like to shake the hand of the witch or wizard who did it, probably saved my life.There was another pause in which the fire crackled and the river rushed on. The Ted said, And where do you two fit in? I, er, had the impression the goblins were for You-Know-Who, on the whole.You had a false impression, said the higher-voiced of the goblins. We take no sides. This is a wizards' war.How come you're in hiding, then?I deemed in prudent, said the deeper-voiced goblin. Having refused what I considered an impertinent request, I could see that my person safety was in jeopardy.What did they ask you to do? asked Ted.Duties ill-befitting the dignity of my race, replied the goblin, his voice rougher and less human as he said it. I am not a house-elf.What about you, Griphook?Similar reasons, said the higher voiced goblin. Gringotts is no longer under the sole control of my race. I recognize no Wizarding master.He added something under his breath in Gobbledegook, and Gornuk laughed.What's the joke? asked Dean.He said, replied Dirk, that there are things wizards don't recognize, either.There was a short pause.I don't get it, said Dean.I had my small revenge before I left, said Griphook in English.Good man C goblin, I should say, amended Ted hastily. Didn't manage to lock a Death Eater up in one of the old high-security vaults, I suppose?If I had, the sword would not have helped him break out, replied Griphook. Gornuk laughed again and even Dirk gave a dry chuckle.Dean and I are still missing something here, said Ted.So is Severus Snape, though he does not know it, said Griphook, and the two goblins roared with malicious laughter. Inside the tent Harry's breathing was shallow with excitement: He and Hermione stared at each other, listening as hard as they could.Didn't you hear about that, Ted? asked Dirk. About the kids who tried to steal Gryffindor's sword out of Snape's office at Hogwarts?An electric current seemed to course through Harry, jangling his every nerve as he stood rooted to the spot.Never heard a word, said Ted, Not in the Prophet, was it?Hardly, chortled Dirk. Griphook here told me, he heard about it from Bill Weasley who works for the bank. One of the kids who tried to take the sword was Bill's younger sister.Harry glanced toward Hermione and Ron, both of whom were clutching the Extendable Ears as tightly as lifelines.She and a couple of friends got into Snape's office and smashed open the glass case where he was apparently keeping the sword. Snape caught them as they were trying to smuggle it down the staircase.Ah, God bless 'em, said Ted. What did they think, that they'd be able to use the sword on You-Know-Who? Or on Snape himself?Well, whatever they thought they were going to do with it, Snape decided the sword wasn't safe where it was, said Dirk. Couple of days later, once he'd got the say-so from You-Know-Who, I imagine, he sent it down to London to be kept in Gringotts instead.The goblins started to laugh again.I'm still not seeing the joke, said Ted.It's a fake, rasped Griphook.The sword of Gryffindor!Oh yes. It is a copy C an excellent copy, it is true C but it was Wizard-made. The original was forged centuries ago by goblins and had certain properties only goblin-made armor possesses. Wherever the genuine sword of Gryffindor is, it is not in a vault at Gringotts bank.I see, said Ted. And I take it you didn't bother telling the Death Eaters this.I saw no reason to trouble them with the information, said Griphook smugly, and now Ted and Dean joined in Gornuk and Dirk's laughter.Inside the tent, Harry closed his eyes, willing someone to ask the question he needed answered, and after a minute that seemed ten, Dean obliged: he was (Harry remembered with a jolt) an ex-boyfriend of Ginny's too.What happened to Ginny and all the others? The ones who tried to steal it?Oh, they were punished, and cruelly, said Griphook indifferently.They're okay, though? asked Ted quickly, I mean, the Weasleys don't need any more of their kids injured, do they?They suffered no serious injury, as far as I am aware, said Griphook.Lucky for them, said Ted. With Snape's track record I suppose we should just be glad they're still alive.You believe that story, then, do you, Ted? asked Dirk. You believe Snape killed Dumbledore?Course I do, said Ted. You're not going to sit there and tell me you think Potter had anything to do with it?Hard to know what to believe these days, muttered Dirk.I know Harry Potter, said Dean. And I reckon he's the real thing C the Chosen One, or whatever you want to call it.Yeah, there's a lot would like to believe he's that, son, said Dirk, me included. But where is he? Run for it, by the looks of things. You'd think if he knew anything we don't, or had anything special going for him, he'd be out there now fighting, rallying resistance, instead of hiding. And you know, the Prophet made a pretty good case against him C The Prophet? scoffed Ted. You deserve to be lied to if you're still reading that much, Dirk. You want the facts, try the Quibbler.There was a sudden explosion of choking and retching, plus a good deal of thumping, by the sound of it. Dirk had swallowed a fish bone. At last he sputtered, The Quibbler? That lunatic rag of Xeno Lovegood's?It's not so lunatic these days, said Ted. You want to give it a look, Xeno is printing all the stuff the Prophet's ignoring, not a single mention of Crumple-Horned Snorkacks in the last issue. How long they'll let him get with it, mind, I don't know. But Xeno says, front page of every issue, that any wizard who's against You-Know-Who ought to make helping Harry Potter their number-one priority.Hard to help a boy who's vanished off the face of the earth, said Dirk.Listen, the fact that they haven't caught him yet's one hell of an achievement, said Ted. I'd take tips from him gladly	 it's what we're trying to do, stay free, isn't it?Yeah, well, you've got a point there, said Dirk heavily. With the whole of the Ministry and all their informers looking for him, I'd have expected him to be caught by now. Mind, who's to say they haven't already caught and killed him without publicizing it?Ah, don't say that, Dirk, murmured Ted.There was a long pause filled with more clattering of knives and forks. When they spoke again it was to discuss whether they ought to sleep on the back or retreat back up the wooded slope. Deciding the trees would give better cover, they extinguished their fire, then clambered back up the incline, their voices fading away.Harry, Ron, and Hermione reeled in the Extendable Ears. Harry, who had found the need to remain silent increasingly difficult the longer they eavesdropped, now found himself unable to say more then, Ginny C the sword C I know! said Hermione.She lunged for the tiny beaded bag, this time sinking her arm in it right up to the armpit.Here... we... are... she said between gritted teeth, and she pulled at something that was evidently in the depths of the bag. Slowly the edge of an ornate picture frame came into sight. Harry hurried to help her. As they lifted the empty portrait of Phineas Nigellus free of Hermione's bag, she kept her wand pointing at it, ready to cast a spell at any moment.If somebody swapped the real sword for the face while it was in Dumbledore's office, she panted, as they propped the painting against the side of the tent, Phineas Nigellus would have seen it happen, he hangs right beside the case!Unless he was asleep, said Harry, but he still held his breath as Hermione knelt down in front of the empty canvas, her wand directed at its center, cleared her throat, then said:Er C Phineas? Phineas Nigellus?Nothing happened.Phineas Nigellus? said Hermione again. Professor Black? Please could we talk to you? Please?'Please' always helps, said a cold, snide voice, and Phineas Nigellus slid into his portrait. At one, Hermione cried:Obscura!A black blindfold appeared over Phineas Nigellus's clever, dark eyes, causing him to bump into the frame and shriek with pain.What C how dare C what are you C?I'm very sorry, Professor Black, said Hermione, but it's a necessary precaution!Remove this foul addition at once! Remove it, I say! You are ruining a great work of art! Where am I? What is going on?Never mind where we are, said Harry, and Phineas Nigellus froze, abandoning his attempts to peel off the painted blindfold.Can that possible be the voice of the elusive Mr. Potter?Maybe, said Harry, knowing that this would keep Phineas Nigellus's interest. We've got a couple of questions to ask you C about the sword of Gryffindor.Ah, said Phineas Nigellus, now turning his head this way and that in an effort to catch sight of Harry, Yes. That silly girl acted most unwisely there C Shut up about my sister, said Ron roughly, Phineas Nigellus raised supercilious eyebrows.Who else is here? he asked, turning his head from side to side. Your tone displeases me! The girl and her friends were foolhardily in the extreme. Thieving from the headmaster.They weren't thieving, said Harry. That sword isn't Snape's.It belongs to Professor Snape's school, said Phineas Nigellus. Exactly what claim did the Weasley girl have upon it? She deserved her punishment, as did the idiot Longbottom and the Lovegood oddity!Neville is not an idiot and Luna is not an oddity! said Hermione.Where am I? repeated Phineas Nigellus, starting to wrestle with the blindfold again. Where have you brought me? Why have you removed me from the house of my forebears?Never mind that! How did Snape punish Ginny, Neville, and Luna? asked Harry urgently.Professor Snape sent them into the Forbidden Forest, to do some work for the oaf, Hagrid.Hagrid's not an oaf! said Hermione shrilly.And Snape might've though that was a punishment, said Harry, but Ginny, Neville, and Luna probably had a good laugh with Hagrid. The Forbidden Forest... they've faced plenty worse than the Forbidden Forest, big deal!He felt relieved
Deathly Hallows=When Harry woke the following day it was several seconds before he remembered what had happened. Then he hoped childishly, that it had been a dream, that Ron was still there and had never left. Yet by turning his head on his pillow he could see Ron's deserted bunk. It was like a dead body in the way it seems to draw his eyes. Harry jumped down from his own bed, keeping his eyes averted from Ron's. Hermione, who was already busy in the kitchen, did not wish Harry good morning, but turned her face away quickly as he went by. He's gone, Harry told himself. He's gone. He had to keep thinking it as he washed and dressed as though repetition would dull the shock of it. He's gone and he's not coming back. And that was the simple truth of it, Harry knew, because their protective enchantments meant that it would be impossible, once they vacated this spot, for Ron to find them again. He and Hermione ate breakfast in silence. Hermione's eyes were puffy and red	 she looked as if she had not slept. They packed up their things, Hermione dawdling. Harry knew why she wanted to spin out their time on the riverbank	 several times he saw her look up eagerly, and he was sure she had deluded herself into thinking that she heard footsteps through the heavy rain, but no red-haired figure appeared between the trees. Every time Harry imitated her, looked around ( for he could not help hoping a little, himself) and saw nothing but rain-swept woods, another little parcel of fury exploded inside him. He could hear Ron saying, We thought you knew what you were doing!, and he resumed packing with a hard knot in the pit of his stomach.The muddy river beside them was rising rapidly and would soon spill over onto their bank. They had lingered a good hour after they would usually have departed their campsite. Finally having entirely repacked the beaded bag three times, Hermione seemed unable to find any more reasons to delay: She and Harry grasped hands and Disapparated, reappearing on a windswept heather-covered hillside. The instant they arrived, Hermione dropped Harry's hand and walked away from him, finally sitting down on a large rock, her face on her knees, shaking with what he knew were sobs. He watched her, supposing that he ought to go and comfort her, but something kept him rooted to the spot. Everything inside him felt cold and tight: Again he saw the contemptuous expression on Ron's face. Harry strode off through the heather, walking in a large circle with the distraught Hermione at its center, casting the spell she usually performed to ensure their protection.They did not discuss Ron at all over the next few days. Harry was determined never to mention his name again and Hermione seemed to know that it was no use forcing the issue, although sometimes at night when she thought he was sleeping, he would hear her crying. Meanwhile Harry had started bringing out the Marauder's map and examining it by wandlight. He was waiting for the moment when Ron's labeled dot would reappear in the corridors of Hogwarts, proving that he had returned to the comfortable castle, protected by his status of pureblood. However, Ron did not appear on the map and after a while Harry found himself taking it out simply to stare at Ginny's name in the girl's dormitory, wondering whether the intensity with which he gazed at it might break into her sleep, that she would somehow know he was thinking about her, hoping that she was all right.By day, they devoted themselves to trying to determine the possible locations of Gryffindor's sword, but the more they talked about the places in which Dumbledore might have hidden it, the more desperate and far-fetched their speculation became. Cudgel his brains though he might, Harry could not remember Dumbledore ever mentioning a place in which he might hide something. There were moments when he did not know whether he was angrier with Ron or with Dumbledore. We thought you knew what you were doing...We thought Dumbledore had told you what to do... We thought you had a real plan!He could not hide it from himself: Ron had been right. Dumbledore had left him with virtually nothing. They had discovered one Horcrux, but they had no means of destroying it: The others were as unattainable as they had ever been. Hopelessness threatened to engulf him. He was staggered now to think of his own presumption in accepting his friends' offers to accompany him on this meandering, pointless journey. he knew nothing, he had no ideas, and he was constantly, painfully on the alert for any indications that Hermione too was about to tell him that she had had enough. That she was leaving.They were spending many evenings in near silence and Hermione took to bringing out Phineas Nigellus's portrait and propping it up in a chair, as though he might fill part of the gaping hole left by Ron's departure. Despite his previous assertion that he would never visit them again, Phineas Nigellus did not seem able to resist the chance to find out more about what Harry was up to and consented to reappear, blindfolded, every few days of so. Harry was even glad to see him, because he was company, albeit of a snide and taunting kind. They relished any news about what was happening at Hogwarts, though Phineas Nigellus was not an ideal informer. He venerated Snape, the first Slytherin headmaster since he himself had controlled the school, and they had to be careful not to criticize or ask impertinent questions about Snape, or Phineas Nigellus would instantly leave his painting.However, he did let drop certain snippets. Snape seemed to be facing a constant, low level of mutiny from a hard core of students. Ginny had been banned from going into Hogsmeade. Snape had reinstated Umbridge's old decree forbidding gatherings of three or more students or any unofficial student societies. From all of these things, Harry deduced that Ginny, and probably Neville and Luna along with her, had been doing their best to continue Dumbledore's Army. This scant news made Harry want to see Ginny so badly it felt like a stomachache	 but it also made him think of Ron again, and of Dumbledore, and of Hogwarts itself, which he missed nearly as much as his ex-girlfriend. Indeed, as Phineas Niggellus talked about Snape's crackdown, Harry experienced a split second of madness when he imagined simply going back to school to join the destabilization of Snape's regime: Being fed and having a soft bad, and other people being in charge, seemed the most wonderful prospect in the world at this moment. But then he remembered that he was Undesirable Number One, that there was a ten-thousand Galleon price on his head, and that to walk into Hogwarts these days was just as dangerous as walking into the Ministry of Magic. Indeed, Phineas Nigellus inadvertently emphasized this fact by slipping in leading questions about Harry and Hermione's whereabouts. Hermione shoved him back inside the beaded bag every time he did this, and Phineas Nigellus invariably refused to reappear for several days after these unceremonious good-byes.The weather grew colder and colder. They did not dare remain in any area too long, so rather than staying in the south of England, where a hard ground frost was the worst of their worries, they continued to meander up and down the country, braving a mountainside, where sleet pounded the tent	 a wide, flat marsh, where the tent was flooded with chill water	 and a tiny island in the middle of a Scottish loch, where snow half buried the tent in the night. They had already spotted Christmas Trees twinkling from several sitting room windows before there came an evening when Harry resolved to suggest again, what seemed to him the only unexplored avenue left to them. They had just eaten an unusually good meal: Hermione had been to a supermarket under the Invisibility Cloak (scrupulously dropping the money into an open till as she left), and Harry thought that she might be more persuadable than usual on a stomach full of spaghetti Bolognese and tinned pears.He had also had the foresight to suggest that they take a few hours' break from wearing the Horcrux, which was hanging over the end of the bunk beside him.Hermione?Hmm? She was curled up in one of the sagging armchairs with The Tales of Beedle the Bard. He could not imagine how much more she could get out of the book, which was not, after all, very long, but evidently she was still deciphering something in it, because Spellman's Syllabary lay open on the arm of the chair.Harry cleared his throat. He felt exactly as he had done on the occasion, several years previously, when he had asked Professor McGonagall whether he could go into Hogsmeade, despite the fact that he had not persuaded the Dursleys to sign his permission slip.Hermione, I've been thinking, and C Harry, could you help me with something?Apparently she had not been listening to him. She leaned forward and held out The Tales of Beedle the Bard.Look at that symbol, she said, pointing to the top of a page. Above what Harry assumed was the title of the story (being unable to read runes, he could not be sure), there was a picture of what looked like a triangular eye, its pupil crossed with a vertical line.I never took Ancient Runes, Hermione.I know that	 but it isn't a rune and it's not in the syllabary, either. All along I thought it was a picture of an eye, but I don't think it is! It's been inked in, look, somebody's drawn it there, it isn't really part of the book. Think, have you ever seen it before?No... No, wait a moment. Harry looked closer. Isn't it the same symbol Luna's dad was wearing round his neck?Well, that's what I thought too!Then it's Grindelwald's mark.She stared at him, openmouthed.What?Krum told me...He recounted the story that Viktor Krum had told him at the wedding. Hermione looked astonished.Grindelwald's mark?She looked from Harry to the weird symbol and back again. I've never heard that Grindelwald had a mark. There's no mention of it in anything I've ever read about him.Well, like I say, Krum reckoned that symbol was carved on a wall at Durmstrang, and Grindelwald put it there.She fell back into the old armchair, frowning.That's very odd. If it's a symbol of Dark Magic, what's it doing in a book of children's stories?Yeah, it is weird, said Harry. And you'd think Scrimgeour would have recognized it. He was Minister, he ought to have been expert on Dark stuff.I know.... Perhaps he thought it was an eye, just like I did. All the other stories have little pictures over the titles.She did not speak, but continued to pore over the strange mark. Harry tried again.Hermione?Hmm?I've been thinking. I C I want to go to Godric's Hollow.She looked up at him, but her eyes were unfocused, and he was sure she was still thinking about the mysterious mark on the book.Yes, she said. Yes, I've been wondering that too. I really think we'll have to.Did you hear me right? he asked.Of course I did. You want to go to Godric's Hollow. I agree. I think we should. I mean, I can't think of anywhere else it could be either. It'll be dangerous, but the more I think about it, the more likely it seems it's there.Er C what's there? asked Harry.At that, she looked just as bewildered as he felt.Well, the sword, Harry! Dumbledore must have known you'd want to go back there, and I mean, Godric's Hollow is Godric Gryffindor's birthplace C Really? Gryffindor came from Godric's Hollow?Harry, did you ever even open A History of Magic?Erm, he said, smiling for what felt like the first time in months: The muscles in his face felt oddly stiff. I might've opened it, you know, when I bought it... just the once....Well, as the village is named after him I'd have thought you might have made the connection, said Hermione. She sounded much more like her old self than she had done of late	 Harry half expected her to announce that she was off to the library. There's a bit about the village in A History of Magic, wait...She opened the beaded bag and rummaged for a while, finally extracting her copy of their old school textbook, A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot, which she thumbed through until finding the page she wanted.'Upon the signature of the International Statute of Secrecy in 1689, wizards went into hiding for good. It was natural, perhaps, that they formed their own small communities within a community. Many small villages and hamlets attracted several magical families, who banded together for mutual support and protection. The villages of Tinworsh in Cornwall, Upper Flagley in Yorkshire, and Ottery St. Catchpole on the south coast of England were notable homes to knots of Wizarding families who lived alongside tolerant and sometimes Confunded Muggles. Most celebrated of these half-magical dwelling places is, perhaps, Godric's Hollow, the West Country village where the great wizard Godric Gryffindor was born, and where Bowman Wright, Wizarding smith, forged the first Golden Snitch. The graveyard is full of the names of ancient magical families, and this accounts, no doubt, for the stories of hauntings that have dogged the little church beside it for many centuries.'You and your parents aren't mentioned. Hermione said, closing the book, because Professor Bagshot doesn't cover anything later than the end of the nineteenth century. But you see? Godric's Hollow, Godric Gryffindor, Gryffindor's sword	 don't you think Dumbledore would have expected you to make the connection?Oh yeah...Harry did not want to admit that he had not been thinking about the sword at all when he suggested they go to Godric's Hollow. For him, the lore of the village lay in his parents' graves, the house where he had narrowly escaped death, and in the person of Bathilda Bagshot.Remember what Muriel said? he asked eventually.Who?You know, he hesitated. He did not want to say Ron's name. Ginny's great-aunt. At the wedding. The one who said you had skinny ankles.Oh, said Hermione. It was a sticky moment: Harry knew that she had sensed Ron's name in the offing. He rushed on:She said Bathilda Bagshot still lived in Godric's Hollow.Bathilda Bagshot, murmured Hermione, running her index finger over Bathilda's embossed name on the front cover of A History of Magic. Well, I suppose C She gasped so dramatically that Harry's insides turned over	 he drew his wand, looking around at the entrance, half expecting to see a hand forcing its way through the entrance flap, but there was nothing there.What? he said, half angry, half relieved. What did you do that for? I thought you'd seen a Death Eater unzipping the tent, at least C Harry, what if Bathilda's got the sword? What if Dumbledore entrusted it to her?Harry considered this possibility. Bathilda would be an extremely old woman by now, and according to Muriel, she was gaga. Was it likely that Dumbledore would have hidden the sword of Gryffindor with her? If so, Harry felt that Dumbledore had left a great deal to chance: Dumbledore had never revealed that he had replaced the sword with a fake, nor had he so much as mentioned a friendship with Bathilda. Now, however, was not the moment to cast doubt on Hermione's theory, not when she was so surprisingly willing to fall in with Harry's dearest wish.Yeah, he might have done! So, are we going to go to Godric's Hollow?Yes, but we'll have to think it through carefully, Harry. She was sitting up now, and Harry could tell that the prospect of having a plan again had lifted her mood as much as his. We'll need to practice Disapparating together under the Invisibility Cloak for a start, and perhaps Disillusionment Charms would be sensible too, unless you think we should go the whole hog and use Polyjuice Potion? In that case we'll need to collect hair from somebody. I actually think we'd better do that, Harry, the thicker our disguises the better....Harry let her talk, nodding and agreeing whenever there was a pause, but his mind had left the conversation. For the first time since he had discovered that the sword in Gringotts was a fake, he felt excited.He was about to go home, about to return to the place where he had had a family. It was in Godric's Hollow that, but for Voldemort, he would have grown up and spent every school holiday. He could have invited friends to his house.... He might even have had brothers and sisters.... It would have been his mother who had made his seventeenth birthday cake. The life he had lost had hardly ever seemed so real to him as at this moment, when he knew he was about to see the place where it had been taken from him. After Hermione had gone to bed that night, Harry quietly extracted his rucksack from Hermione's beaded bag, and from inside it, the photograph album Hagrid had given him so long ago. For the first time in months, he perused the old pictures of his parents, smiling and waving up at him from the images, which were all he had left of them now.Harry would gladly have set out for Godric's Hollow the following day, but Hermione had other ideas. Convinced as she was that Voldemort would expect Harry to return to the scene of his parents' deaths, she was determined that they would set off only after they had ensured that they had the best disguises possible. It was therefore a full week later C once they had surreptitiously obtained hairs from innocent Muggles who were Christmas shopping, and had practiced Apparating and Disapparating while underneath the Invisibility Cloak together C that Hermione agreed to make the journey.They were to Apparate to the village under cover of darkness, so it was late afternoon when they finally swallowed Polyjuice Potion, Harry transforming into a balding, middle-aged Muggle man, Hermione into his small and rather mousy wife. The beaded bag containing all of their possessions (apart from the Horcrux, which Harry was wearing around his neck) was tucked into an inside pocket of Hermione's buttoned-up coat. Harry lowered the Invisibility Cloak over them, then they turned into the suffocating darkness once again.Heart beating in his throat, Harry opened his eyes. They were standing hand in hand in a snowy lane under a dark blue sky, in which the night's first stars were already glimmering feebly. Cottages stood on either side of the narrow road, Christmas decorations twinkling in their windows. A short way ahead of them, a glow of golden streetlights indicated the center of the village.All this snow! Hermione whispered beneath the cloak. Why didn't we think of snow? After all our precautions, we'll leave prints! We'll just have to get rid of them C you go in front, I'll do it C Harry did not want to enter the village like a pantomime horse, trying to keep themselves concealed while magically covering their traces.Let's take off the Cloak, said Harry, and when she looked frightened, Oh, come on, we don't look like us and there's no one around.He stowed the Cloak under his jacket and they made their way forward unhampered, the icy air stinging their faces as they passed more cottages. Any one of them might have been the one in which James and Lily had once lived or where Bathilda lived now. Harry gazed at the front doors, their snow-burdened roofs, and their front porches, wondering whether he remembered any of them, knowing deep inside that it was impossible, that he had been little more than a year old when he had left this place forever. He was not even sure whether he would be able to see the cottage at all	 he did not know what happened when the subjects of a Fidelius Charm died. Then the little lane along which they were walking curved to the left and the heart of the village, a small square, was revealed to them.Strung all around with colored lights, there was what looked like a war memorial in the middle, partly obscured by a windblown Christmas tree. There were several shops, a post office, a pub, and a little church whose stained-glass windows were glowing jewel-bright across the square.The snow here had become impacted: It was hard and slippery where people had trodden on it all day. Villagers were crisscrossing in front of them, their figures briefly illuminated by streetlamps. They heard a snatch of laughter and pop music as the pub door opened and closed	 then they heard a carol start up inside the little church.Harry, I think it's Christmas Eve! said Hermione.Is it?He had lost track of the date	 they had not seen a newspaper for weeks.I'm sure it is, said Hermione, her eyes upon the church. They... they'll be in there, won't they? Your mum and dad? I can see the graveyard behind it.Harry felt a thrill of something that was beyond excitement, more like fear. Now that he was so near, he wondered whether he wanted to see after all. Perhaps Hermione knew how he was feeling, because she reached for his hand and took the lead for the first time, pulling him forward. Halfway across the square, however, she stopped dead.Harry, look!She was pointing at the war memorial. As they had passed it, it had transformed. Instead of an obelisk covered in names, there was a statue of three people: a man with untidy hair and glasses, a woman with long hair and a kind, pretty face, and a baby boy sitting in his mother's arms. Snow lay upon all their heads, like fluffy white caps.Harry drew closer, gazing up into his parents' faces. He had never imagined that there would be a statue.... How strange it was to see himself represented in stone, a happy baby without a scar on his forehead....C'mon, said Harry, when he had looked his fill, and they turned again toward the church. As they crossed the road, he glanced over his shoulder	 the statue had turned back into the war memorial.The singing grew louder as they approached the church. It made Harry's throat constrict, it reminded him so forcefully of Hogwarts, of Peeves bellowing rude versions of carols from inside suits of armor, of the Great Hall's twelve Christmas trees, of Dumbledore wearing a bonnet he had won in a cracker, of Ron in a hand-knitted sweater....There was a kissing gate at the entrance to the graveyard. Hermione pushed it open as quietly as possible and they edged through it. On either side of the slippery path to the church doors, the snow lay deep and untouched. They moved off through the snow, carving deep trenches behind them as they walked around the building, keeping to the shadows beneath the brilliant windows.Behind the church, row upon row of snowy tombstones protruded from a blanket of pale blue that was flecked with dazzling red, gold, and green wherever the reflections from the stained glass hit the snow. Keeping his hand closed tightly on the wand in his jacket pocket, Harry moved toward the nearest grave.Look at this, it's an Abbott, could be some long-lost relation of Hannah's!Keep your voice down, Hermione begged him.They waded deeper and deeper into the graveyard, gouging dark tracks into the snow behind them, stooping to peer at the words on old headstones, every now and then squinting into the surrounding darkness to make absolutely sure that they were unaccompanied.Harry, here!Hermione was two rows of tombstones away
Deathly Hallows=Harry, stop.What's wrong?They had only just reached the grave of the unknown Abbott.There's someone there. Someone watching us. I can tell. There, over by the bushes.They stood quite still, holding on to each other, gazing at the dense black boundary of the graveyard. Harry could not see anything.Are you sure?I saw something move. I could have sworn I did...She broke from him to free her wand arm.We look like Muggles, Harry pointed out.Muggles who've just been laying flowers on your parents' grave? Harry, I'm sure there's someone over there!Harry thought of A History of Magic	 the graveyard was supposed to be haunted	 what if C? But then he heard a rustle and saw a little eddy of dislodged snow in the bush to which Hermione had pointed. Ghosts could not move snow.It's a cat, said Harry, after a second or two, or a bird. If it was a Death Eater we'd be dead by now. But let's get out of here, and we can put the Cloak back on.They glanced back repeatedly as they made their way out of the graveyard. Harry, who did not feel as sanguine as he had pretended when reassuring Hermione, was glad to reach the gate and the slippery pavement. They pulled the Invisibility Cloak back over themselves. The pub was fuller than before. Many voices inside it were now singing the carol that they had heard as they approached the church. For a moment, Harry considered suggesting they take refuge inside it, but before he could say anything Hermione murmured, Let's go this way, and pulled him down the dark street leading out of the village in the opposite direction from which they had entered. Harry could make out the point where the cottages ended and the lane turned into open country again. They walked as quickly as they dared, past more windows sparkling with multicolored lights, the outlines of Christmas trees dark through the curtains.How are we going to find Bathilda's house? asked Hermione, who was shivering a little and kept glancing back over her shoulder. Harry? What do you think? Harry?She tugged at this arm, but Harry was not paying attention. He was looking toward the dark mass that stood at the very end of this row of houses. Next moment he sped up, dragging Hermione along with him, she slipped a little on the ice.Harry CLook... Look at it, Hermione...I don't... oh!He could see it	 the Fidelius Charm must have died with James and Lily. The hedge had grown wild in the sixteen years since Hagrid had taken Harry from the rubble that lay scattered amongst the waist-high grass. Most of the cottage was still standing, though entirely covered in the dark ivy and snow, but the right side of the top floor had been blown apart	 that, Harry was sure, was where the curse had backfired. He and Hermione stood at the gate, gazing up at the wreck of what must once have been a cottage just like those that flanked it.I wonder why nobody's ever rebuilt it? whispered Hermione.Maybe you can't rebuild it? Harry replied. Maybe it's like the injuries from Dark Magic and you can't repair the damage?He slipped a hand from beneath the Cloak and grasped the snowy and thickly rusted gate, not wishing to open it, but simply so he'd some part of the house.You're not going to go inside? It looks unsafe, it might C oh, Harry, look!His touch on the gate seemed to have done it. A sign had risen out of the ground in front of them, up thorough the tangles of nettles and weeds, like some bizarre, fast-growing flower, and in golden letters upon the wood it said:On this spot, on this night of 31 October 1981, Lily and James Potter lost their lives. Their son, Harry, remains the only wizard ever to have survived the Killing Curse. This house, invisible to Muggles, has been left in its ruined state as a monument to the Potters and as a reminder of the violence that tore apart their family.And all around these neatly lettered words, scribbles had been added by other witches and wizards who had come to see the place where the Boy Who Lived had escaped. Some had merely signed their names in Everlasting Ink	 others had carved their initials into the wood, still others had left messages. The most recent of these, shining brightly over sixteen years' worth of magical graffiti, all said similar things.Good luck, Harry, wherever you are.If you read this, Harry, we're all behind you!Long live Harry Potter.They shouldn't have written on the sign! said Hermione, indignant.But Harry beamed at her.It's brilliant. I'm glad they did. I...He broke off. A heavily muffled figure was hobbling up the lane toward them, silhouetted by the bright lights in the distant square. Harry thought, though it was hard to judge, that the figure was a woman. She was moving slowly, possibly frightened of slipping on the snowy ground. Her stoop, her stoutness, her shuffling gait all gave an impression of extreme age. They watched in silence as she drew nearer. Harry was waiting to see whether she would turn into any of the cottages she was passing, but he knew instinctively that she would not. At last she came to a halt a few yards from them and simply stood there in the middle of the frozen road, facing them.He did not need Hermione's pinch to his arm. There was next to no chance that this woman was a Muggle: She was standing there gazing at a house that ought to have been completely invisible to her, if she was not a witch. Even assuming that she was a witch, however, it was odd behavior to come out on a night this cold, simply to look at an old ruin. By all the rules of normal magic, meanwhile, she ought not to be able to see Hermione and him at all. Nevertheless, Harry had the strangest feeling that she knew that they were there, and also who they were. Just as he had reached this uneasy conclusion, she raised a gloved hand and beckoned.Hermione moved closer to him under the Cloak, her arm pressed against his.How does she know?He shook his head. The woman beckoned again, more vigorously. Harry could think of many reasons not to obey the summons, and yet his suspicions about her identity were growing stronger every moment that they stood facing each other in the deserted street.Was it possible that she had been waiting for them all these long months? That Dumbledore had told her to wait, and that Harry would come in the end? Was it not likely that it was she who had moved in the shadows in the graveyard and had followed them to this spot? Even her ability to sense them suggested some Dumbledore-ish power that he had never encountered before.Finally Harry spoke, causing Hermione to gasp and jump.Are you Bathilda?The muffled figure nodded and beckoned again.Beneath the Cloak Harry and Hermione looked at each other. Harry raised his eyebrows	 Hermione gave a tiny, nervous nod.They stepped toward the woman and , at once, she turned and hobbled off back the way they had come. Leading them past several houses, she turned in at a gate. They followed her up the front path through a garden nearly as overgrown as the one they had just left. She fumbled for a moment with a key at the front door, then opened it and stepped back to let them pass.She smelled bad, or perhaps it was her house	 Harry wrinkled his nose as they sidled past her and pulled off the Cloak. Now that he was beside her, he realized how tiny she was	 bowed down with age, she came barely level with his chest. She closed the door behind them, her knuckles blue and mottled against the peeling paint, then turned and peered into Harry's face. Her eyes were thick with cataracts and sunken into folds of transparent skin, and her whole face was dotted with broken veins and liver spots. He wondered whether she could make him out at all	 even if she could, it was the balding Muggle whose identity he had stolen that she would see.The odor of old age, of dust, of unwashed clothes and stale food intensified as the unwound a moth-eaten black shawl, revealing a head of scant white hair through which the scalp showed clearly.Bathilda? Harry repeated.She nodded again. Harry became aware of the locket against his skin	 the thing inside it that sometimes ticked or beat had woken	 he could feel it pulsing through the cold gold. Did it know, could it sense, that the thing that would destroy it was near?Bathilda shuffled past them, pushing Hermione aside as though she had not seen her, and vanished into what seemed to be a sitting room.Harry, I'm not sure about this, breathed Hermione.Look at the size of her, I think we could overpower her if we had to, said Harry. Listen, I should have told you, I knew she wasn't all there. Muriel called her 'gaga.'Come! called Bathilda from the next room.Hermione jumped and clutched Harry's arm.It's okay, said Harry reassuringly, and he led the way into the sitting room.Bathilda was tottering around the place lighting candles, but it was still very dark, not to mention extremely dirty. Thick dust crunched beneath their feet, and Harry's nose detected, underneath the dank and mildewed smell, something worse, like meat gone bad. He wondered when was the last time anyone had been inside Bathilda's house to check whether she was coping. She seemed to have forgotten that she could do magic, too, for she lit the candles clumsily by hand, her trailing lace cuff in constant danger of catching fire.Let me do that, offered Harry, and he took the matches from her. She stood watching him as he finished lighting the candle stubs that stood on saucers around the room, perched precariously on stacks of books and on side tables crammed with cracked and moldy cups.The last surface on which Harry spotted a candle was a bow-fronted chest of drawers on which there stood a large number of photographs. When the flame danced into life, its reflection wavered on their dusty glass and silver. He saw a few tiny movements from the pictures. As Bathilda fumbled with logs for the fire, he muttered Tergeo: The dust vanished from the photographs, and he saw at once that half a dozen were missing from the largest and most ornate frames. He wondered whether Bathilda or somebody else had removed them. Then the sight of a photograph near the back of the collection caught his eye, and he snatched it up.It was the golden-haired, merry-faced thief, the young man who had perched on Gregorovitch's windowsill, smiling lazily up at Harry out of the silver frame. And it came to Harry instantly where he had seen the boy before: in The Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore, arm in arm with the teenage Dumbledore, and that must be where all the missing photographs were: in Rita's book.Mrs. C Miss C Bagshot? he said, and his voice shook slightly. Who is this?Bathilda was standing in the middle of the room watching Hermione light the fire for her.Miss Bagshot? Harry repeated, and he advanced with the picture in his hands as the flames burst into life in the fireplace. Bathilda looked up at his voice, and the Horcrux beat faster upon his chest.Who is this person? Harry asked her, pushing the picture forward.She peered at it solemnly, then up at Harry.Do you know who this is? he repeated in a much slower and louder voice than usual. This man? Do you know him? What's he called?Bathilda merely looked vague. Harry felt an awful frustration. How had Rita Skeeter unlocked Bathilda's memories?Who is this man? he repeated loudly.Harry, what area you doing? asked Hermione.This picture. Hermione, it's the thief, the thief who stole from Gregorovitch! Please! he said to Bathilda. Who is this?But she only stared at him.Why did you ask us to come with you, Mrs. C Miss C Bagshot? asked Hermione, raising her own voice. Was there something you wanted to tell us?Giving no sign that she had heard Hermione, Bathilda now shuffled a few steps closer to Harry. With a little jerk of her head she looked back into the hall.You want us to leave? he asked.She repeated the gesture, this time pointing firstly at him, then at herself, then at the ceiling.Oh, right... Hermione, I think she wants me to go upstairs with her.All right, said Hermione, let's go.But when Hermione moved, Bathilda shook her head with surprising vigor, once more pointing first at Harry, then to herself.She wants me to go with her, alone.Why? asked Hermione, and her voice rang out sharp and clear in the candlelit room, the old lady shook her head a little at the loud noise.Maybe Dumbledore told her to give the sword to me, and only to me?Do you really think she knows who you are?Yes, said Harry, looking down into the milky eyes fixed upon his own. I think she does.Well, okay then, but be quick, Harry.Lead the way, Harry told Bathilda.She seemed to understand, because she shuffled around him toward the door. Harry glanced back at Hermione with a reassuring smile, but he was not sure she had seen it	 she stood hugging herself in the midst of the candlelit squalor, looking toward the bookcase. As Harry walked out of the room, unseen by both Hermione and Bathilda, he slipped the silver-framed photograph of the unknown thief inside his jacket.The stairs were steep and narrow	 Harry was half tempted to place his hands on stout Bathilda's backside to ensure that she did not topple over backward on top of him, which seemed only too likely. Slowly, wheezing a little, she climbed to the upper landing, turned immediately right, and led him into a low-ceilinged bedroom.It was pitch-black and smelled horrible: Harry had just made out a chamber pot protruding from under the bed before Bathilda closed the door and even that was swallowed by the darkness.Lumos, said Harry, and his wand ignited. He gave a start: Bathilda had moved close to him in those few seconds of darkness, and he had not heard her approach.You are Potter? she whispered.Yes, I am.She nodded slowly, solemnly. Harry felt the Horcrux beating fast, faster than his own heart
Deathly Hallows=The sun was coming up: The pure, colorless vastness of the sky stretched over him, indifferent to him and his suffering. Harry sat down in the tent entrance and took a deep breath of clean air. Simply to be alive to watch the sun rise over the sparkling snowy hillside ought to have been the greatest treasure on earth, yet he could not appreciate it: His senses had been spiked by the calamity of losing his want. He looked out over a valley blanketed in snow, distant church bells chiming through the glittering silence.Without realizing it, he was digging his fingers into his arms as if he were trying to resist physical pain. He had spilled his own blood more times than he could count	 he had lost all bones in his right arm once	 this journey had already given him scars to his chest and forearm to join those on his hand and forehead, but never, until this moment, had he felt himself to be fatally weakened, vulnerable, and naked, as though the best part of his magical power had been torn from him. He knew exactly what Hermione would say if he expressed any of this: The wand is only as good as the wizard. But she was wrong, his case was different. She had not felt the wand spin like the needle of a compass and shoot golden flames at his enemy. He had lost the protection of the twin cores, and only now that it was gone did he realize how much he had been counting on it.He pulled the pieces of the broken wand out of his pocket and, without looking at them, tucked them away in Hagrid's pouch around his neck. The pouch was now too full of broken and useless objects to take any more. Harry's hand brushed the old Snitch through the moleskin and for a moment he had to fight the temptation to pull it out and throw it away. Impenetrable, unhelpful, useless, like everything else Dumbledore had left behind CAnd his fury at Dumbledore broke over him now like lava, scorching him inside, wiping out every other feeling. Out of sheer desperation they had talked themselves into believing that Godric's Hollow held answers, convinced themselves that they were supposed to go back, that it was all part of some secret path laid out for them by Dumbledore: but there was no map, no plan. Dumbledore had left them to grope in the darkness, to wrestle with unknown and undreamed-of terrors, alone and unaided: Nothing was explained, nothing was given freely, they had no sword, and now, Harry had no wand. And he had dropped the photograph of the thief, and it would surely be easy now for Voldemort to find out who he was...Voldemort had all the information now...Harry?Hermione looked frightened that he might curse her with her own wand. Her face streaked with tears, she crouched down beside him, two cups of tea trembling in her hands and something bulky under her arm.Thanks, he said, taking one of the cups.Do you mind if I talk to you?No, he said because he did not want to hurt her feelings.Harry, you wanted to know who that man in the picture was. Well... I've got the book.Timidly she pushed it onto his lap, a pristine copy of The Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore.Where C how C?It was in Bathilda's sitting room, just lying there.... This note was sticking out of the top of it.Hermione read the few lines of spiky, acid-green writing aloud.'Dear Bally, Thanks for your help. Here's a copy of the book, hope you like it. You said everything, even if you don't remember it. Rita.' I think it must have arrived while the real Bathilda was alive, but perhaps she wasn't in any fit state to read it?No, she probably wasn't.Harry looked down upon Dumbledore's face and experienced a surge of savage pleasure: Now he would know if all the things that Dumbledore had never thought it worth telling him, whether Dumbledore wanted him to or not.You're still really angry at me, aren't you? said Hermione	 he looked up to see fresh tears leaking out of her eyes, and knew that his anger must have shown in his face.No, he said quietly. No, Hermione, I know it was an accident. You were trying to get us out of there alive, and you were incredible. I'd be dead if you hadn't been there to help me.He tried to return her watery smile, then turned his attention to the book. Its spine was stiff	 it had clearly never been opened before. He riffled through the pages, looking for photographs. He came across the one he sought almost at once, the young Dumbledore and his handsome companion, roaring with laughter at some long-forgotten joke. Harry dropped his eyes to the caption.Albus Dumbledore, shortly after his mother's death, With his friend Gellert Grindelwald.Harry gaped at the last word for several long moments. Grindelwald. His friend Grindelwald. He looked sideways at Hermione, who was still contemplating the name as though she could not believe her eyes. Slowly she looked up at Harry.Grindelwald!Ignoring the remainder of the photographs, Harry searched the pages around them for a recurrence of that fatal name. He soon discovered it and read greedily, but became lost: It was necessary to go farther back to make sense of it all, and eventually he found himself at the start of a chapter entitled The Greater Good. Together, he and Hermione started to read:Now approaching his eighteenth birthday, Dumbledore left Hogwarts in a blaze of glory C Head Boy, Prefect, Winner of the Barnabus Finkley Prize for Exceptional Spell-Casting, British Youth Representative to the Wizengamot, Gold Medal-Winner for Ground-Breaking Contribution to the International Alchemical Conference in Cairo. Dumbledore intended, next, to take a Grand Tour with Elphias Dogbreath Doge, the dim-witted but devoted sidekick he had picked up at school.The two young men were staying at the Leaky Cauldron in London, preparing to depart for Greece the following morning, when an owl arrived bearing news of Dumbledore's mother's death. Dogbreath Doge, who refused to be interviewed for this book, has given the public his own sentimental version of what happened next. He represents Kendra's death as a tragic blow, and Dumbledore's decision to give up his expedition as an act of noble self-sacrifice.Certainly Dumbledore returned to Godric's Hollow at once, supposedly to care for his younger brother and sister. But how much care did he actually give them?He were a head case, that Aberforth, said Enid Smeek, whose family lived on the outskirts of Godric's Hollow at that time. Ran wild. 'Course, with his mum and dad gone you'd have felt sorry for him, only he kept chucking goat dung at my head. I don't think Albus was fussed about him. I never saw them together, anyway.So what was Albus doing, if not comforting his wild young brother? The answer, it seems, is ensuring the continued imprisonment of his sister. For though her first jailer had died, there was no change in the pitiful condition of Ariana Dumbledore. Her very existence continued to be known only to those few outsiders who, like Dogbreath Doge, could be counted upon to believe in the story of her ill health.Another such easily satisfied friend of the family was Bathilda Bagshot, the celebrated magical historian who has lived in Godric's Hollow for many years. Kendra, of course, had rebuffed Bathilda when she first attempted to welcome the family to the village. Several years later, however, the author sent an owl to Albus at Hogwarts, having been favorably impressed by his paper on trans-species transformation in Transfiguration Today. This initial contract led to acquaintance with the entire Dumbledore family. At the time of Kendra's death, Bathilda was the only person in Godric's Hollow who was on speaking terms with Dumbledore's mother.Unfortunately, the brilliance that Bathilda exhibited earlier in her life has now dimmed. The fire's lit, but the cauldron's empty, as Ivor Dillonsby put it to me, or, in Enid Smeek's slightly earthier phrase, She's nutty as squirrel poo. Nevertheless, a combination of tried-and-tested reporting techniques enabled me to extract enough nuggets of hard fact to string together the whole scandalous story.Like the rest of the Wizarding world, Bathilda puts Kendra's premature death down to a backfiring charm, a story repeated by Albus and Aberforth in later years. Bathilda also parrots the family line on Ariana, calling her frail and delicate. On one subject, however, Bathilda is well worth the effort I put into procuring Veritaserum, for she, and she alone, knows the full story of the best-kept secret of Albus Dumbledore's life. Now revealed for the first time, it calls into question everything that his admirers believed of Dumbledore: his supposed hatred of the Dark Arts, his opposition into the oppression of Muggles, even his devotion to his own family.The very same summer that Dumbledore went home to Godric's Hollow, now an orphan and head of the family, Bathilda Bagshot agreed to accept into her home her great-nephew, Gellert Grindelwald.The name of Grindelwald is justly famous: In a list of Most Dangerous Dark Wizards of All Time, he would miss out on the top spot only because You- Know-Who arrived, a generation later, to steal his crown. As Grindelwald never extended his campaign of terror to Britain, however, the details of his rise to power are not widely known here.Educated at Durmstrang, a school famous even then for its unfortunate tolerance of the Dark Arts, Grindelwald showed himself quite as precociously brilliant as Dumbledore. Rather than channel his abilities into the attainment of awards and prizes, however, Gellert Grindelwald devoted himself to other pursuits. At sixteen years old, even Durmstrang felt it could no longer turn a blind eye to the twisted experiments of Gellert Grindelwald, and he was expelled.Hitherto, all that has been known of Grindelwald's next movements is that he traveled around for some months. It can now be revealed that Grindelwald chose to visit his great-aunt in Godric's Hollow, and that there, intensely shocking though it will be for many to hear it, he struck up a close friendship with none other than Albus Dumbledore.He seemed a charming boy to me, babbles Bathilda, whatever he became later. Naturally I introduced him to poor Albus, who was missing the company of lads his own age. The boys took to each other at once.They certainly did. Bathilda shows me a letter, kept by her that Albus Dumbledore sent Gellert Grindelwald in the dead of night.Yes, even after they'd spent all day in discussion C both such brilliant young boys, they got on like a cauldron on fire C I'd sometimes hear an owl tapping at Gellert's bedroom window, delivering a letter from Albus! An idea would have struck him and he had to let Gellert know immediately!And what ideas they were. Profoundly shocking though Albus Dumbledore's fans will find it, here are the thoughts of their seventeen-year-old hero, as relayed to his new best friend. (A copy of the original letter may be seen on page 463.)Gellert CYour point about Wizard dominance being FOR THE MUGGLES' OWN GOOD C this, I think, is the crucial point. Yes, we have been given power and yes, that power gives us the right to rule, but it also gives us responsibilities over the ruled. We must stress this point, it will be the foundation stone upon which we build. Where we are opposed, as we surely will be, this must be the basis of all our counterarguments. We seize control FOR THE GREATER GOOD. And from this it follows that where we meet resistance, we must use only the force that is necessary and no more. (This was your mistake at Durmstrang! But I do not complain, because if you had not been expelled, we would never have met.)AlbusAstonished and appalled though his many admirers will be, this letter constitutes the Statute of Secrecy and establishing Wizard rule over Muggles. What a blow for those who have always portrayed Dumbledore as the Muggle-borns' greatest champion! How hollow those speeches promoting Muggle rights seem in the light of this damning new evidence! How despicable does Albus Dumbledore appear, busy plotting his rise to power when he should have been mourning his mother and caring for his sister!No doubt those determined to keep Dumbledore on his crumbling pedestal will bleat that he did not, after all, put his plans into action, that he must have suffered a change of heart, that he came to his senses. However, the truth seems altogether more shocking.Barely two months into their great new friendship, Dumbledore and Grindelwald parted, never to see each other again until they met for their legendary duel (for more, see chapter 22). What caused this abrupt rupture? Had Dumbledore come to his senses? Had he told Grindelwald he wanted no more part in his plans? Alas, no.It was poor little Ariana dying, I think, that did it, says Bathilda. It came as an awful shock. Gellert was there in the house when it happened, and he came back to my house all of a dither, told me he wanted to go home the next day. Terribly distressed, you know. So I arranged a Portkey and that was the last I saw of him.Albus was beside himself at Ariana's death. It was so dreadful for those two brothers. They had lost everybody except for each other. No wonder tempers ran a little high. Aberforth blamed Albus, you know, as people will under these dreadful circumstances. But Aberforth always talked a little madly, poor boy. All the same, breaking Albus's nose at the funeral was not decent. It would have destroyed Kendra to see her sons fighting like that, across her daughter's body. A shame Gellert could not have stayed for the funeral.... He would have been a comfort to Albus, at least....This dreadful coffin-side brawl, known only to those few who attended Ariana Dumbledore's funeral, raises several questions. Why exactly did Aberforth Dumbledore blame Albus for his sister's death? Was it, as Batty pretends, a mere effusion of grief? Or could there have been some more concrete reason for his fury? Grindelwald, expelled from Durmstrang for the near-fatal attacks upon fellow students, fled the country hours after the girl's death, and Albus (out of shame or fear?) never saw him again, not until forced to do so by the pleas of the Wizarding world.Neither Dumbledore nor Grindelwald ever seems to have referred to this brief boyhood friendship in later life. However, there can be no doubt that Dumbledore delayed, for some five years of turmoil, fatalities, and disappearances, his attack upon Gellert Grindelwald. Was it lingering affection for the man or fear of exposure as his once best friend that caused Dumbledore to hesitate? Was it only reluctantly that Dumbledore set out to capture the man he was once so delighted he had met?And how did the mysterious Ariana die? Was she the inadvertent victim of some Dark rite? Did she stumble across something she ought not to have done, as the two young men sat practicing for their attempt at glory and domination? Is it possible that Ariana Dumbledore was the first person to die for the greater good?The chapter ended here and Harry looked up. Hermione had reached the bottom of the page before him. She tugged the book out of Harry's hands, looking a little alarmed by his expression, and closed it without looking at it, as though hiding something indecent.Harry CBut he shook his head. Some inner certainty had crashed down inside him	 it was exactly as he had felt after Ron left. He had trusted Dumbledore, believed him the embodiment of goodness and wisdom. All was ashes: How much more could he lose? Ron, Dumbledore, the phoenix wand...Harry. She seemed to have heard his thoughts. Listen to me. It C it doesn't make a very nice reading CYeah, you could say that CC but don't forget, Harry, this is Rita Skeeter writing.You did read that letter to Grindelwald, didn't you?Yes, I C I did. She hesitated, looking upset, cradling her tea in her cold hands. I think that's the worst bit. I know Bathilda thought it was all just talk, but 'For the Greater Good' became Grindelwald's slogan, his justification for all the atrocities he committed later. And... from that... it looks like Dumbledore gave him the idea. They say 'For the Greater Good' was even carved over the entrance to Nurmengard.What's Nurmengard?The prison Grindelwald had built to hold his opponents. He ended up in there himself, once Dumbledore had caught him. Anyway, it's C it's an awful thought that Dumbledore's ideas helped Grindelwald rise to power. But on the other hand, even Rita can't pretend that they knew each other for more than a few months one summer when they were both really young, and CI thought you'd say that, said Harry. He did not want to let his anger spill out at her, but it was hard to keep his voice steady. I thought you'd say 'They were young.' They were the same age as we are now. And here we are, risking our lives to fight the Dark Arts, and there he was, in a huddle with his new best friend, plotting their rise to power over the Muggles.His temper would not remain in check much longer: He stood up and walked around, trying to work some of it off.I'm not trying to defend what Dumbledore wrote, said Hermione. All that 'right to rule' rubbish, it's 'Magic Is Might' all over again. But Harry, his mother had just died, he was stuck alone in the house CAlone? He wasn't alone! He had his brother and sister for company, his Squib sister he was keeping locked up CI don't believe it, said Hermione. She stood up too. Whatever was wrong with that girl, I don't think she was a Squib. The Dumbledore we knew would never, ever have allowedCThe Dumbledore we thought we knew didn't want to conquer Muggles by force! Harry shouted, his voice echoing across the empty hilltop, and several blackbirds rose into the air, squawking and spiraling against the pearly sky.He changed, Harry, he changed! It's as simple as that! Maybe he did believe these things when he was seventeen, but the whole of the rest of his life was devoted to fighting the Dark Arts! Dumbledore was the one who stopped Grindelwald, the one who always voted for Muggle protection and Muggle born rights, who fought You-Know-Who from the start, and who died trying to bring him down!Rita's book lay on the ground between them, so that the face of Albus Dumbledore smiled dolefully at both.Harry, I'm sorry, but I think the real reason you're so angry is that Dumbledore never told you any of this himself.Maybe I am! Harry bellowed, and he flung his arms over his head, hardly knowing whether he was trying to hold in his anger or protect himself from the weight of his own disillusionment. Look what he asked from me, Hermione! Risk your life, Harry! And again! And again! And don't expect me to explain everything, just trust me blindly, trust that I know what I'm doing, trust me even though I don't trust you! Never the whole truth! Never!His voice cracked with the strain, and they stood looking at each other in the whiteness and emptiness, and Harry felt they were as insignificant as insects beneath that wide sky.He loved you, Hermione whispered. I know he loved you.Harry dropped his arms.I don't know who he loved, Hermione, but it was never me. This isn't love, the mess he's left me in. He shared a damn sight more of what he was really thinking with Gellert Grindelwald than he ever shared with me.Harry picked up Hermione's wand, which he had dropped in the snow, and sat back down in the entrance of the tent.Thanks for the tea. I'll finish the watch. You get back in the warm. She hesitated, but recognized the dismissal. She picked up the book and then walked back past him into the tent, but as she did so, she brushed the top of his head lightly with her hand. He closed his eyes at her touch, and hated himself for wishing that what she said was true: that Dumbledore had really cared.,181,Deathly Hallows,18								
Deathly Hallows=It was snowing by the time Hermione took over the watch at midnight. Harry's dreams were confused and disturbing: Nagini wove in and out of them, first through a wreath of Christmas roses. He woke repeatedly, panicky, convinced that somebody had called out to him in the distance, imagining that the wind whipping around the tent was footsteps or voices.Finally he got up in the darkness and joined Hermione, who was huddled in the entrance to the tent reading A History of Magic by the light of her wand. The snow was falling thickly, and she greeted with relief his suggestion of packing up early and moving on.We'll move somewhere more sheltered, she agreed, shivering as she pulled on a sweatshirt over her pajamas. I kept thinking I could hear people moving outside. I even though I saw somebody one or twice.Harry paused in the act of pulling on a jumper and glanced at the silent, motionless Sneakoscope on the table.I'm sure I imagined it, said Hermione, looking nervous. The snow the dark, it plays tricks on your eyes.... But perhaps we ought to Disapparate under the Invisibility Cloak, just in case?Half an hour later, with the tent packed, Harry wearing the Horcrux, and Hermione clutching the beaded bag, they Disapparated. The usual tightness engulfed them	 Harry's feet parted company with the snowy ground, then slammed hard onto what felt like frozen earth covered in leaves.Where are we? he asked, peering around at the fresh mass of trees as Hermione opened the beaded bag and began tugging out the tent poles.The Forest of Dean, she said, I came camping here once with my mum and dad.Here too snow lay on the trees all around and it was bitterly cold, but they were at least protected from the wind. They spent most of the day inside the tent, huddled for warmth around the useful bright blue flames that Hermione was adept at producing, and which could be scooped up and carried in a jar. Harry felt as though he was recuperating from some brief but severe, an impression reinforced by Hermione's solicitousness. That afternoon fresh flakes drifted down upon them, so that even their sheltered clearing had a fresh dusting of powdery snow.After two nights of little sleep, Harry's senses seemed more alert than usual. Their escape from Godric's Hollow had been so narrow that Voldemort seemed somehow closer than before, more threatening. As darkness drove in again Harry refused Hermione's offer to keep watch and told her to go to bed.Harry moved an old cushion into the tent mouth and sat down, wearing all the sweaters he owned but even so, still shivery. The darkness deepened with the passing hours until it was virtually impenetrable. He was on the point of taking out the Marauder's Map, so as to watch Ginny's dot for a while, before he remembered that it was the Christmas holidays and that she would be back at the Burrow.Every tiny movement seemed magnified in the vastness of the forest. Harry knew that it must be full of living creatures, but he wished they would all remain still and silent so that he could separate their innocent scurryings and prowlings from noises that might proclaim other, sinister movements. He remembered the sound of a cloak slithering over dead leaves many years ago, and at once thought he heard it again before mentally shaking himself. Their protective enchantments had worked for weeks	 why should they break now? And yet he could no throw off the feeling that something was different tonight.Several times he jerked upright, his neck aching because he had fallen asleep, slumped at an awkward angle against the side of the tent. The night reached such a depth of velvety blackness that he might have been suspended in limbo between Disapparation and Apparation. He had just held a hand in front of his face to see whether he could make out his fingers when it happened.A bright silver light appeared right ahead of him, moving through the trees. Whatever the source, it was moving soundlessly. The light seemed simply to drift toward him.He jumped to his feet, his voice frozen in his throat, and raised Hermione's wand. He screwed up his eyes as the light became blinding, the trees in front of it pitch black in silhouette, and still the thing came closer....And then the source of the light stepped out from behind an oak. It was a silver white doe, moon-bright and dazzling, picking her way over the ground, still silent, and leaving no hoofprints in the fine powdering of snow. She stepped toward him, her beautiful head with its wide, long-lashed eyes held high.Harry stared at the creature, filled with wonder, not at her strangeness, but her inexplicable familiarity. He felt that he had been waiting for her to come, but that he had forgotten, until this moment, that they had arranged to meet. His impulse to shout for Hermione, which had been so strong a moment ago, had gone. He knew, he would have staked his life on it, that she had come for him, and him alone.They gazed at each other for several long moments and then she turned and walked away.No, he said, and his voice was cracked with lack of use. Come back!She continued to step deliberately through the trees, and soon he brightness was striped by their thick black trunks. For one trembling second he hesitated. Caution murmured it could be a trick, a lure, a trap. But instinct, overwhelming instinct, told him that this was not Dark Magic. He set off in pursuit.Snow crunched beneath his feet, but the doe made no noise as she passed through the trees, for she was nothing but light. Deeper and deeper into the forest she led him, and Harry walked quickly, sure that when she stopped, she would allow him to approach her properly. And then she would speak and the voice would tell him what he needed to know.At last she came to a halt. She turned her beautiful head toward him once more, and he broke into a run, a question burning in him, but as he opened his lips to ask it, she vanished.Though the darkness had swallowed her whole, her burnished image was still imprinted on his retinas	 it obscured his vision, brightening when he lowered his eyelids, disorienting him. Now fear came: Her presence had meant safety.Lumos! he whispered, and the wand-tip ignited.The imprint of the doe faded away with every blink of his eyes as he stood there, listening to the sounds of the forest, to distant crackles of twigs, soft swishes of snow. Was he about to be attacked? Had she enticed him into an ambush? Was he imagining that somebody stood beyond the reach of the wandlight, watching him?He held the wand higher. Nobody ran out at him, no flash of green light burst from behind a tree. Why, then, had she led him to this spot?Something gleamed in the light of the wand, and Harry spun about, but all that was there was a small, frozen pool, its black, cracked surface glittering as he raised his wand higher to examine it.He moved forward rather cautiously and looked down. The ice reflected his distorted shadow and the beam of wandlight, but deep below the thick, misty gray carapace, something else glinted. A great silver cross...His heart skipped into his mouth: He dropped to his knees at the pool's edge and angled the wand so as to flood the bottom of the pool with as much light as possible. A glint of deep red...It was a sword with glittering rubies in its hilt....The sword of Gryffindor was lying at the bottom of the forest pool.Barely breathing, he stared down at it. How was this possible? How could it have come to be lying in a forest pool, this close to the place where they were camping? Had some unknown magic drawn Hermione to this spot, or was the doe, which he had taken to be a Patronus, some kind of guardian of the pool? Or had the sword been put into the pool after they had arrived, precisely because they were here? In which case, where was the person who wanted to pass it to Harry? Again he directed the wand at the surrounding trees and bushes, searching for a human outline, for the glint of an eye, but he could not see anyone there. All the same, a little more fear leavened his exhilaration as he returned his attention to the sword reposing upon the bottom of the frozen pool.He pointed the wand at the silvery shape and murmured, Accio Sword.It did not stir. He had not expected it to. If it had been that easy the sword would have lain on the ground for him to pick up, not in the depths of a frozen pool. He set off around the circle of ice, thinking hard about the last time the sword had delivered itself to him. He had been in terrible danger then, and had asked for help.Help, he murmured, but the sword remained upon the pool bottom, indifferent, motionless.What was it, Harry asked himself (walking again), that Dumbledore had told him the last time he had retrieved the sword? Only a true Gryffindor could have pulled that out of the hat. And what were the qualities that defined a Gryffindor? A small voice inside Harry's head answered him: Their daring nerve and chivalry set Gryffindor apart.Harry stopped walking and let out a long sigh, his smoky breath dispersing rapidly upon the frozen air. He knew what he had to do. If he was honest with himself, he had thought it might come to this from the moment he had spotted the sword through the ice.He glanced around at the surrounding trees again, but was convinced now that nobody was going to attack him. They had had their chance as he walked alone through the forest, had had plenty of opportunity as he examined the pool. The only reason to delay at this point was because the immediate prospect was so deeply uninviting.With fumbling fingers Harry started to remove his many layers of clothing. Where chivalry entered into this, he thought ruefully, he was not entirely sure, unless it counted as chivalrous that he was not calling for Hermione to do it in his stead.An owl hooted somewhere as he stripped off, and he thought with a pang of Hedwig. He was shivering now, his teeth chattering horribly, and yet he continued to strip off until at last he stood there in his underwear, barefooted in the snow. He placed the pouch containing his wand, his mother's letter, the shard of Sirius's mirror, and the old Snitch on top of his clothes, then he pointed Hermione's wand at the ice.Diffindo.It cracked with a sound like a bullet in the silence. The surface of the pool broke and chunks of dark ice rocked on the ruffled water. As far as Harry could judge, it was not deep, but to retrieve the sword he would have to submerge himself completely.Contemplating the task ahead would not make it easier or the water warmer. He stepped to the pool's edge and placed Hermione's wand on the ground still lit. Then, trying not to imagine how much colder he was about to become or how violently he would soon be shivering, he jumped.Every pore of his body screamed in protest. The very air in his lungs seemed to freeze solid as he was submerged to his shoulders in the frozen water. He could hardly breathe: trembling so violently the water lapped over the edges of the pool, he felt for the blade with his numb feet. He only wanted to dive once.Harry put off the moment of total submersion from second to second, gasping and shaking, until he told himself that it must be done, gathered all his courage, and dived.The cold was agony: It attacked him like fire. His brain itself seemed to have frozen as he pushed through the dark water to the bottom and reached out, groping for the sword. His fingers closed around the hilt	 he pulled it upward.Then something closed tight around his neck. He thought of water weeds, though nothing had brushed him as he dived, and raised his hand to free himself. It was not weed: The chain of the Horcrux had tightened and was slowly constricting his windpipe.Harry kicked out wildly, trying to push himself back to the surface, but merely propelled himself into the rocky side of the pool. Thrashing, suffocating, he scrabbled at the strangling chain, his frozen fingers unable to loosen it, and now little lights were popping inside his head, and he was going to drown, there was nothing left, nothing he could do, and the arms that closed around his chest were surely Death's....Choking and retching, soaking and colder than he had ever been in his life, he came to facedown in the snow. Somewhere, close by, another person was panting and coughing and staggering around, as she had come when the snake attacked....Yet it did not sound like her, not with those deep coughs, no judging by the weight of the footsteps....Harry had no strength to lift his head and see his savior's identity. All he could do was raise a shaking hand to his throat and feel the place where the locket had cut tightly into his flesh. It was gone. Someone had cut him free. Then a panting voice spoke from over his head.Are C you C mental?Nothing but the shock of hearing that voice could have given Harry the strength to get up. Shivering violently, he staggered to his feet. There before him stood Ron, fully dressed but drenched to the skin, his hair plastered to his face, the sword of Gryffindor in one hand and the Horcrux dangling from its broken chain in the other.Why the hell, panted Ron, holding up the Horcrux, which swung backward and forward on its shortened chain in some parody of hypnosis, didn't you take the thing off before you dived?Harry could not answer. The silver doe was nothing, nothing compared with Ron's reappearance	 he could not believe it. Shuddering with cold, he caught up the pile of clothes still lying at the water's edge and began to pull them on. As he dragged sweater after sweater over his head, Harry stared at Ron, half expecting him to have disappeared every time he lost sight of him, and yet he had to be real: He had just dived into the pool, he had saved Harry's life.It was y-you? Harry said at last, his teeth chattering, his voice weaker than usual due to his near-strangulation.Well, yeah, said Ron, looking slightly confused.Y-you cast that doe?What? No, of course not! I thought it was you doing it!My Patronus is a stag.Oh yeah. I thought it looked different. No antlers.Harry put Hagrid's pouch back around his neck, pulled on a final sweater, stooped to pick up Hermione's wand, and faced Ron again.How come you're here?Apparently Ron had hoped that this point would come up later, if at all.Well, I've C you know C I've come back. If C He cleared his throat. You know. You still want me.There was a pause, in which the subject of Ron's departure seemed to rise like a wall between them. Yet he was here. He had returned. He had just saved Harry's life.Ron looked down at his hands. He seemed momentarily surprised to see the things he was holding.Oh yeah, I got it out, he said, rather unnecessarily, holding up the sword for Harry's inspection. That's why you jumped in, right?Yeah, said Harry. But I don't understand. How did you get here? How did you find us?Long story, said Ron. I've been looking for you for hours, it's a big forest, isn't it? And I was just thinking I'd have to go kip under a tree and wait for morning when I saw that dear coming and you following.You didn't see anyone else?No, said Ron. I CBut he hesitated, glancing at two trees growing close together some yards away.I did think I saw something move over there, but I was running to the pool at the time, because you'd gone in and you hadn't come up, so I wasn't going to make a detour to C hey!Harry was already hurrying to the place that Ron had indicated. The two oaks grew close together	 there was a gap of only a few inches between the trunks at eye level, an ideal place to see but not be seen. The ground around the roots, however, was free of snow, and Harry could see no sign of footprints. He walked back to where Ron stood waiting, still holding the sword and the Horcrux.Anything there? Ron asked.No, said Harry.So how did the sword get in that pool?Whoever cast the Patronus must have put it there.They both looked at the ornate silver sword, its rubied hilt glinting a little in the light from Hermione's wand.You reckon this is the real one? asked Ron.One way to find out, isn't there? said Harry.The Horcrux was still swinging from Ron's hand. The locket was twitching slightly. Harry knew that the thing inside it was agitated again. It had sensed the presence of the sword and had tried to kill Harry rather than let him possess it. Now was not the time for long discussions	 now was the moment to destroy once and for all. Harry looked around, holding Hermione's wand high, and saw the place: a flattish rock lying in the shadow of a sycamore tree.Come here. he said and he led the way, brushed snow from the rock's surface, and held out his hand for the Horcrux. When Ron offered the sword, however, Harry shook his head.No you should do it.Me? said Ron, looking shocked. Why?Because you got the sword out of the pool. I think it's supposed to be you.He was not being kind or generous. As certainly as he had known that the doe was benign, he knew that Ron had to be the one to wield the sword. Dumbledore had at least taught Harry something about certain kinds of magic, of the incalculable power of certain acts.I'm going to open it, said Harry, and you will stab it. Straightaway okay? Because whatever's in there will put up a fight. The bit of Riddle in the Diary tried to kill me.How are you going to open it? asked Ron. He looked terrified I'm going to ask it to open, using Parseltongue, said Harry. The answer came so readily to his lips that thought that he had always known it deep down: Perhaps it had taken his recent encounter with Nagini to make him realize it. He looked at the serpentine S, inlaid with glittering green stones: It was easy to visualize it as a miniscule snake, curled upon the cold rock.No! said Ron. Don't open it! I'm serious!Why not? asked Harry. Let's get rid of the damn thing, it's been months CI can't, Harry, I'm serious C you do it CBut why?Because that thing's bad for me! said Ron, backing away from the locket on the rock. I can't handle it! I'm not making excuses, for what I was like, but it affects me worse than it affects you and Hermione, it made me think stuff C stuff that I was thinking anyway, but it made everything worse. I can't explain it, and then I'd take it off and I'd get my head straight again, and then I'd have to put the effing thing back on C I can't do it Harry!He had backed away, the sword dragging at his side, shaking his head.You can do it, said Harry, you can! You've just got the sword, I know it's supposed to be you who uses it. Please just get rid of it Ron.The sound of his name seemed to act like a stimulant. Ron swallowed, then still breathing hard through his long nose, moved back toward the rock.Tell me when, he croaked.On three, said Harry, looking back down at the locket and narrowing his eyes, concentrating on the letter S, imagining a serpent, while the contents of the locket rattled like a trapped cockroach. It would have been easy to pity it, except that the cut around Harry's neck still burned.One... two... three...open.The last word came as a hiss and a snarl and the golden doors of the locket swung wide open with a little click.Behind both of the glass windows within blinked a living eye, dark and handsome as Tom Riddle's eyes had been before he turned them scarlet and slit-pupiled Stab, said Harry, holding the locket steady on the rock.Ron raised the sword in his shaking hands: The point dangled over the frantically swiveling eyes, and Harry gripped the locket tightly, bracing himself, already imagining blood pouring from the empty windows.Then a voice hissed from out the Horcrux.I have seen your heart, and it is mine.Don't listen to it! Harry said harshly. Stab it!I have seen your dreams, Ronald Weasley, and I have seen your fears. All you desire is possible, but all that you dread is also possible....Stab! shouted Harry, his voice echoed off the surrounding trees, the sword point trembled, and Ron gazed down into Riddle's eyes.Least loved, always, by the mother who craved a daughter... Least loved, now, by the girl who prefers your friend... Second best, always, eternally overshadowed...Ron, stab it now! Harry bellowed: He could feel the locket quivering in the grip and was scared of what was coming. Ron raised the sword still higher, and as he did so, Riddle's eyes gleamed scarlet.Out of the locket's two windows, out of the eyes, there bloomed like two grotesque bubbles, the heads of Harry and Hermione, weirdly distorted.Ron yelled in shock and backed away as the figures blossomed out of the locket, first chests, then waists, then legs, until they stood in the locket, side by side like trees with a common root, swaying over Ron and the real Harry, who had snatched his fingers away from the locket as it burned, suddenly, white-hot.Ron! he shouted, but the Riddle-Harry was now speaking with Voldemort's voice and Ron was gazing, mesmerized, into its face.Why return? We were better without you, happier without you, glad of your absence.... We laughed at your stupidity, your cowardice, your presumptionCPresumption! echoed the Riddle-Hermione, who was more beautiful and yet more terrible than the real Hermione: She swayed, cackling, before Ron, who looked horrified, yet transfixed, the sword hanging pointlessly at his side. Who could look at you, who would ever look at you, beside Harry Potter? What have you ever done, compared with the Chosen One? What are you, compared with the Boy Who Lived?Ron, stab it, STAB IT! Harry yelled, but Ron did not move. His eyes were wide, and the Riddle-Harry and the Riddle-Hermione were reflected in them, their hair swirling like flames, their eyes shining red, their voices lifted in an evil duet.Your mother confessed, sneered Riddle-Harry, while Riddle-Hermione jeered, that she would have preferred me as a son, would be glad to exchange...Who wouldn't prefer him, what woman would take you, you are nothing, nothing, nothing to him, crooned Riddle-Hermione, and she stretched like a snake and entwined herself around Riddle-Harry, wrapping him in a close embrace: Their lips met.On the ground in front of them, Ron's face filled with anguish. he raised the sword high, his arms shaking.Do it, Ron! Harry yelled.Ron looked toward him, and Harry thought he saw a trace of scarlet in his eyes.Ron C?The sword flashed, plunged: Harry threw himself out of the way, there as a clang of metal and a long, drawn-out scream. Harry whirled around, slipping in the snow, wand held ready to defend himself, but there was nothing to fight.The monstrous versions of himself and Hermione were gone: There was only Ron, standing there with the sword held slackly in his hand, looking down at the shattered remains of the locket on the flat rock.Slowly, Harry walked back to him, hardly knowing what to say or do. Ron was breathing heavily: His eyes were no longer red at all, but their normal blue: they were also wet.Harry stooped, pretending he had not seen, and picked up the broken Horcrux. Ron had pierced the glass in both windows: Riddle's eyes were gone, and the stained silk lining of the locket was smoking slightly. The thing that had lived in the Horcrux had vanished	 torturing Ron had been its final act. The sword clanged as Ron dropped it. He had sunk to his knees, his head in his arms. He was shaking, but not, Harry realized, from cold. Harry crammed the broken locket into his pocket, knelt down beside Ron, and placed a hand cautiously on his shoulder. He took it as a good sign that Ron did not throw it off.After you left, he said in a low voice, grateful for the fact that Ron's face was hidden, she cried for a week. Probably longer, only she didn't want me to see. There were loads of nights when we never even spoke to each other. With you gone...He could not finish	 it was now that Ron was here again that Harry fully realized how much his absence had cost them.She's like my sister, he went on. I love her like a sister and I reckon that she feels the same way about me. It's always been like that. I thought you knew.Ron did not respond, but turned his face away from Harry and wiped his nose noisily on his sleeve. Harry got to his feet again and walked to where Ron's enormous rucksack lay yards away, discarded as Ron had run toward the pool to save Harry from drowning. He hoisted it onto his own back and walked back to Ron, who clambered to his feet as Harry approached, eyes bloodshot but otherwise composed.I'm sorry, he said in a thick voice. I'm sorry I left. I know I was a C a CHe looked around at the darkness, as if hoping a bad enough word would swoop down upon him and claim him.You've sort of made up for it tonight, said Harry. Getting the sword. Finishing off the Horcrux. Saving my life.That makes me sound a lot cooler than I was, Ron mumbled.Stuff like that always sounds cooler than it really was said Harry. I've been trying to tell you that for years.Simultaneously they walked forward and hugged, Harry gripping the still-sopping back of Ron's jacket.And now, said Harry as they broke apart, all we've got to do is find that tent again.But it was not difficult. Though the walk through the dark forest with the doe had seemed lengthy, with Ron by his side, the journey back seemed to take a surprisingly short time. Harry could not wait to wake Hermione, and it was with quickening excitement that he entered the tent, Ron lagging a little behind him.It was gloriously warm after the pool and the forest, the only illumination the bluebell flames still shimmering in a bowl on the floor. Hermione was fast asleep, curled up under her blankets, and did not move until Harry had said her name several times.Hermione!She stirred, then sat up quickly, pushing her hair out of her face.What's wrong? Harry? Are you all right?It's okay, everything's fine. More than fine, I'm great. There's someone here.What do you mean? Who C?She saw Ron, who stood there holding the sword and dripping onto the threadbare carpet. Harry backed into a shadowy corner, slipped off Ron's rucksack, and attempted to blend in with the canvas.Hermione slid out of her bunk and moved like a sleepwalker toward Ron, her eyes upon his pale face. She stopped right in front of him, her lips slightly parted, her eyes wide. Ron gave a weak hopeful smile and half raised his arms.Hermione launched herself forward and started punching every inch of him that she could reach.Ouch C ow C gerroff! What the C? Hermione C OW!You C complete C arse C Ronald C Weasley!She punctuated every word with a blow: Ron backed away, shielding his head as Hermione advanced.You C crawl C back C here C after C weeks C and C weeks C oh, where's my wand?She looked as though ready to wrestle it out of Harry's hands and he reacted instinctively.Protego!The invisible shield erupted between Ron and Hermione. The force of it knocked her backward onto the floor. Spitting hair out of her mouth, she lept up again.Hermione! said Harry. Calm CI will not calm down! she screamed. Never before had he seen her lose control like this	 she looked quite demented. Give me back my wand! Give it back to me!Hermione, will you please CDon't you tell me what do, Harry Potter! she screeched. Don't you dare! Give it back now! And YOU!She was pointing at Ron in dire accusation: It was like a malediction, and Harry could not blame Ron for retreating several steps.I cam running after you! I called you! I begged you to come backI know, Ron said, Hermione, I'm sorry, I'm really COh, you're sorry!She laughed a high-pitched, out-of-control sound	 Ron looked at Harry for help, but Harry merely grimaced his helplessness.You came back after weeks C weeks C and you think it's all going to be all right if you just say sorry?Well, what else can I say? Ron shouted, and Harry was glad that Ron was fighting back.Oh, I don't know! yelled Hermione with awful sarcasm. Rack your brains, Ron, that should only take a couple of seconds CHermione, interjected Harry, who considered this a low blow, he just saved my CI don't care! she screamed. I don't care what he's done! Weeks and weeks, we could have been dead for all he knew CI knew you weren't dead! bellowed Ron, drowning her voice for the first time, and approaching as close as he could with the Shield Charm between them. Harry's all over the Prophet, all over the radio, they're looking for you everywhere, all these rumors and mental stories, I knew I'd hear straight off if you were dead, you don't know what it's been like CWhat it's been like for you? Her voice was not so shrill only bats would be able to hear it soon, but she had reached a level of indignation that rendered her temporarily speechless, and Ron seized his opportunity.I wanted to come back the minute I'd Disapparated, but I walked straight into a gang of Snatchers, Hermione, and I couldn't go anywhere!A gang of what? asked Harry, as Hermione threw herself down into a chair with her arms and legs crossed so tightly it seemed unlikely that she would unravel them for several years.Snatchers, said Ron. They're everywhere C gangs trying to earn gold by rounding up Muggle-borns and blood traitors, there's a reward from the Ministry for everyone captured. I was on my own and I look like I might be school age	 they got really excited, thought I was a Muggle-born in hiding. I had to talk fast to get out of being dragged to the Ministry.What did you say to them?Told them I was Stan Shunpike. First person I could think of.And they believed that?They weren't the brightest. One of them was definitely part troll, the smell of him....Ron glanced at Hermione, clearly hopeful she might soften at this small instance of humor, but her expression remained stony above her tightly knotted limbs.Anyway, they had a row about whether I was Stan or not. It was a bit pathetic to be honest, but there were still five of them and only one of me, and they'd taken my wand. Then two of them got into a fight and while the others were distracted I managed to hit the one holding me in the stomach, grabbed his wand, Disarmed the bloke holding mine, and Disapparated. I didn't do it so well. Splinched myself again C Ron held up his right hand to show two missing fingernails: Hermione raised her eyebrows coldly C and I came out miles from where you were. By the time I got back to that bit of riverbank where we'd been... you were gone.Gosh, what a gripping story, Hermione said in the lofty voice she adopted when wishing to wound. You must have been simply terrified. Meanwhile we went to Godric's Hollow and, let's think, what happened there, Harry? Oh yes, You-Know-Who's snake turned up, it nearly killed both of us, and then You-Know-Who himself arrived and missed us by about a second.What? Ron said, gaping from her to Harry, but Hermione ignored him.Imagine losing fingernails, Harry! That really puts our sufferings into perspective, doesn't it?Hermione, said Harry quietly, Ron just saved my life.She appeared not to have heard him.One thing I would like to know, though, she said, fixing her eyes on a spot a foot over Ron's head. How exactly did you find us tonight? That's important. Once we know, we'll be able to make sure we're not visited by anyone else we don't want to see.Ron glared at her, then pulled a small silver object from his jeans pocket.This.She had to look at Ron to see what he was showing them.The Deluminator? she asked, so surprised she forgot to look cold and fierce.It doesn't just turn the lights on and off, said Ron. I don't know how it works or why it happened then and not any other time, because I've been wanting to come back ever since I left. But I was listening to the radio really early on Christmas morning and I heard... I heard you.He was looking at Hermione.You heard me on the radio? she asked incredulously.No, I heard you coming out of my pocket. Your voice, he held up the Deluminator again, came out of this.And what exactly did I say? asked Hermione, her tone somewhere between skepticism and curiosity.My name. 'Ron.' And you said... something about a wand....Hermione turned a fiery shade of scarlet. Harry remembered: it had been the first time Ron's name had been said aloud by either of them since the day he had left	 Hermione had mentioned it when talking about repairing Harry's wand.So I took it out, Ron went on, looking at the Deluminator, and it didn't seem different or anything, but I was sure I'd heard you. So I clicked it. And the light went out in my room, but another light appeared right outside the window.Ron raised his empty hand and pointed in front of him, his eyes focused on something neither Harry nor Hermione could see.It was a ball of light, kind of pulsing, and bluish, like that light you get around a Portkey, you know?Yeah, said Harry and Hermione together automatically.I knew this was it, said Ron. I grabbed my stuff and packed it, then I put on my rucksack and went out into the garden.The little ball of light was hovering there, waiting for me, and when I came out it bobbed along a bit and I followed it behind the shed and then it... well, it went inside me.Sorry? said Harry, sure he had not heard correctly.It sort of floated toward me, said Ron, illustrating the movement with his free index finger, right to my chest, and then C it just went straight through. It was here, he touched a point close to his heard, I could feel it, it was hot. And once it was inside me, I knew what I was supposed to do. I knew it would take me where I needed to go. So I Disapparated and came out on the side of a hill. There was snow everywhere....We were there, said Harry. We spent two nights there, and the second night I kept thinking I could hear someone moving around in the dark and calling out!Yeah, well, that would've been me, said Ron. Your protective spells work, anyway, because I couldn't see you and I couldn't hear you. I was sure you were around, though, so in the end I got in my sleeping bag and waited for one of you to appear. I thought you'd have to show yourselves when you packed up the tent.No, actually, said Hermione. We've been Disapparating under the Invisibility Cloak as an extra precaution. And we left really early, because as Harry says, we'd heard somebody blundering around.Well, I stayed on that hill all day, said Ron. I kept hoping you'd appear. But when it started to get dark I knew I must have missed you, so I clicked the Deluminator again, the blue light came out and went inside me, and I Disapparated and arrived here in these woods. I still couldn't see you, so I just had to hope one of you would show yourselves in the end C and Harry did. Well, I saw the doe first, obviously.You saw the what? said Hermione sharply.They explained what had happened and as the story of the silver doe and the sword in the pool unfolded, Hermione frowned form one to the other of them, concentrating so hard she forgot to keep her limbs locked together.But it must have been a Patronus! she said. Couldn't you see who was casting it? Didn't you see anyone? And it led you to the sword! I can't believe this! Then what happened?Ron explained how he had watched Harry jump into the pool, and had waited for him to resurface
Deathly Hallows=Harry had not expected Hermione's anger to abate over night and was therefore unsurprised that she communicated mainly by dirty looks and pointed silences the next morning. Ron responded by maintaining an unnaturally somber demeanor in her presence as an outward sign of continuing remorse. In fact, when all three of them were together Harry felt like the only non-mourner at a poorly attended funeral. During those few moments he spent alone with Harry, however (collecting water and searching the undergrowth for mushrooms). Ron became shamelessly cheery.Someone helped us, he kept saying, Someone sent that doe, Someone's on our side, One Horcrux down, mate!Bolstered by the destruction of the locket they set to debating the possible locations of the other Horcruxes and even though they had discussed the matter so often before. Harry felt optimistic, certain that more breakthroughs would succeed the first. Hermione's sulkiness could not mar his buoyant spirits	 The sudden upswing in their fortunes, the appearance of the mysterious due, the recovery of Gryffindor's sword, and above all, Ron's return made Harry so happy that it was quite difficult to maintain a straight face.Late in the afternoon he and Ron escaped Hermione's baleful presence again and under the pretense of scouring the bare hedges for nonexistent blackberries, they continued their ongoing exchange of news. Harry had finally managed to tell Ron the whole story of his and Hermione's various wanderings, right up to the full story of what had happened at Godric's Hollow	 Ron was now filling Harry in on everything he had discovered about the wider Wizarding world during his weeks away.... and how did you find out about the Taboo? he asked Harry after explaining the many desperate attempts of Muggle-borns to evade the Ministry.The what?You and Hermione have stopped saying You-Know-Who's name!Oh, yeah, Well, it's just a bad habit we've slipped into, said Harry. But I haven't got a problem calling him V CNO! roared Ron, causing Harry to jump into the hedge and Hermione (nose buried in a book at the tent entrance) to scowl over at them. Sorry, said Ron, wrenching Harry back out of the brambles, but the name's been jinxed, Harry, that's how they track people! Using his name breaks protective enchantments, it causes some kind of magical disturbance C it's how they found us in Tottenham Court Road!Because we used his *name*?Exactly! You've got to give them credit, it makes sense. It was only people who were serious about standing up to him, like Dumbledore, who even dared use it. Now they've put a Taboo on it, anyone who says it is trackable C quick-and-easy way to find Order members! They nearly got Kingsley CYou're kidding?Yeah, a bunch of Death Eaters cornered him, Bill said but he fought his way out. He's on the run now just like us. Ron scratched his chin thoughtfully with the end of his wand. You don't reckon Kingsley could have sent that doe?His Patronus is a lynx, we saw it at the wedding, remember?Oh yeah...They moved farther along the hedge, away from the tent and Hermione.Harry... you don't reckon it could've been Dumbledore?Dumbledore what?Ron looked a little embarrassed, but said in a low voice, Dumbledore... the doe? I mean, Ron was watching Harry out of the corners of his eyes, he had the real sword last, didn't he?Harry did not laugh at Ron, because he understood too well the longing behind the question. The idea that Dumbledore had managed to come back to them, that he was watching over them, would have inexpressibly comforting. He shook his head.Dumbledore's dead, he said. I saw it happen, I saw the body. He's definitely gone. Anyway his Patronus was a phoenix, not a doePatronuses can change, though can't they? said Ron, Tonks's changed didn't it?Yeah, but if Dumbledore was alive, why wouldn't he show himself? Why wouldn't he just hand us the sword?Search me, said Ron. Same reason he didn't give it to you while he was alive? Same reason he left you an old Snitch and Hermione a book of kid's stories?Which is what? asked Harry, turning to look Ron full in the face desperate for the answer.I dunno, said Ron. Sometimes I've thought, when I've been a bit hacked off, he was having a laugh or C or he just wanted to make it more difficult, But I don't think so, not anymore. He knew what he was doing when he gave me the Deluminator, didn't he? He C well, Ron's ears turned bright red and he became engrossed in a tuft of grass at his feet, which he prodded with his toe, he must've known I'd run out on you.No, Harry corrected him. He must've known you'd always want to come back.Ron looked grateful, but still awkward. Partly to change the subject, Harry said, Speaking of Dumbledore, have you heard what Skeeter wrote about him?Oh yeah, said Ron at once, people are talking about it quite a lot. 'Course, if things were different it'd be huge news, Dumbledore being pals with Grindelwald, but now it's just something to laugh about for people who didn't like Dumbledore, and a bit of a slap in the face for everyone who thought he was such a good bloke. I don't know that it's such a big deal, though. He was really young when they COur age, said Harry, just as he had retorted to Hermione, and something in his face seemed to decide Ron against pursuing the subject.A large spider sat in the middle of a frosted web in the brambles. Harry took aim at it with the wand Ron had given him the previous night, which Hermione had since condescended to examine, and had decided was made of blackthorn.*Engorgio*The spider gave a little shiver, bouncing slightly in the web. Harry tried again. This time the spider grew slightly larger.Stop that, said Ron sharply,  I'm sorry I said Dumbledore was young, okay?Harry had forgotten Ron's hatred of spiders.Sorry C *Reducio*The spider did not shrink. Harry looked down at the blackthorn wand. Every minor spell he had cast with it so far that day had seemed less powerful than those he had produced with his phoenix wand. The new one felt intrusively unfamiliar, like having somebody else's hand sewn to the end of his arm.You just need to practice, said Hermione, who had approached them noiselessly from behind and had stood watching anxiously as Harry tried to enlarge and reduce the spider. It's all a matter of confidence Harry.He knew why she wanted it to be all right	 She still felt guilty about breaking his wand. He bit back the retort that sprung to his lips, that she could take the blackthorn wand if she thought it made no difference, and he would have hers instead. Keen for them all to be friends again, however, he agreed	 but when Ron gave Hermione a tentative smile, she stalked off and vanished behind her book once more.All three of them returned to the tent when darkness fell, and Harry took first watch. Sitting in the entrance, he tried to make the blackthorn wand levitate small stones at his feet	 but his magic still seemed clumsier and less powerful than it had done before. Hermione was lying on her bunk reading, while Ron, after many nervous glances up at her, had taken a small wooden wireless out of his rucksack and started to try to tune it.There's this one program, he told Harry in a low voice, that tells the news like it really is. All the others are on You-Know-Who's side and are following the Ministry line, but this one... you wait till you hear it, it's great. Only they can't do it every night, they have to keep changing locations in case they're raided and you need a password to tune in... Trouble is, I missed the last one...He drummed lightly on the top of the radio with his wand muttering random words under his breath. He threw Hermione many covert glances, plainly fearing an angry outburst, but for all the notice she took of him he might not have been there. For ten minutes or so Ron tapped and muttered, Hermione turned the pages of her book, and Harry continued to practice with the blackthorn wand.Finally Hermione climbed down from her bunk. Ron ceased his tapping at once.If it's annoying you, I'll stop! he told Hermione nervously.Hermione did not deign to respond, but approached Harry.We need to talk, she said.He looked at the book still clutched in her hand. It was * The Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore.*What? he said apprehensively. It flew through his mind that there was a chapter on him in there	 he was not sure he felt up to hearing Rita's version of his relationship with Dumbledore. Hermione's answer however, was completely unexpected.I want to go and see Xenophilius Lovegood.He stared at her.Sorry?Xenophilius Lovegood, Luna's father. I want to go and talk to him!Er C why?She took a deep breath, as though bracing herself, and said, It's that mark, the mark in Beedle the Bard. Look at this!She thrust The Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore under Harry's unwilling eyes and saw a photograph of the original letter that Dumbledore had written Grindelwald, with Dumbledore's familiar thin, slanting handwriting. He hated seeing absolute proof that Dumbledore really had written those words, that they had not been Rita's invention.The signature, said Hermione. Look at the signature, Harry!He obeyed. For a moment he had no idea what she was talking about, but, looking more closely with the aid of his lit wand, he saw that Dumbledore had replaced the A of Albus with a tiny version of the same triangular mark inscribed upon The Tales of Beedle the Bard.Er C what are you C? said Ron tentatively, but Hermione quelled him with a look and turned back to Harry.It keeps cropping up, doesn't it? she said. I know Viktor said it was Grindelwald's mark, but it was definitely on that old grave in Godric's Hollow, and the dates on the headstone were long before Grindelwald came along! And now this! Well, we can't ask Dumbledore or Grindelwald what it means C I don't even know whether Grindelwald's still alive C but we can ask Mr. Lovegood. He was wearing the symbol at the wedding. I'm sure this is important, Harry!Harry did not answer immediately. He looked into her intense, eager face and then out into the surrounding darkness, thinking. After a long pause he said, Hermione, we don't need another Godric's Hollow. We talked ourselves into going there, and C But it keeps appearing, Harry! Dumbledore left me The Tales of Beedle the Bard, how do you know we're not supposed to find out about the sign?Here we go again! Harry felt slightly exasperated. We keep trying to convince ourselves Dumbledore left us secret signs and clues C The Deluminator turned out to be pretty useful, piped up Ron. I think Hermione's right, I think we ought to go and see Lovegood.Harry threw him a dark look. He was quite sure that Ron's support of Hermione had little to do with a desire to know the meaning of the triangular rune.It won't be like Godric's Hollow, Ron added, Lovegood's on your side, Harry, The Quibbler's been for you all along, it keeps telling everyone they've got to help you!I'm sure this is important! said Hermione earnestly.But don't you think if it was, Dumbledore would have told me about it before he died?Maybe... maybe it's something you need to find out for yourself, said Hermione with a faint air of clutching at straws.Yeah, said Ron sycophantically, that makes sense.No, it doesn't, snapped Hermione, but I still think we ought to talk to Mr. Lovegood. A symbol that links Dumbledore, Grindelwald, and Godric's Hollow? Harry, I'm sure we ought to know about this!I think we should vote on it, said Ron. Those in favor of going to see Love good C His hand flew into the air before Hermione's. Her lips quivered suspiciously as she raised her own.Outvoted, Harry, sorry, said Ron, clapping him on the back.Fine, said Harry, half amused, half irritated. Only, once we've seen Lovegood, let's try and look for some more Horcruxes, shall we? Where do the Lovegood's live, anyway? Do either of you know?Yeah, they're not far from my place, said Ron. I dunno exactly where, but Mum and Dad always point toward the hills whenever they mention them. Shouldn't be hard to find.When Hermione had returned to her bunk, Harry lowered his voice.You only agreed to try and get back in her good books.All's fair in love and war, said Ron brightly, and this is a bit of both. Cheer up, it's the Christmas holidays, Luna'll be home!They had an excellent view of the village of Ottery St. Catchopole from the breezy hillside to which they Disapparated next morning. From their high vantage point the village looked like a collection of toy houses in the great slanting shafts of sunlight stretching to earth in the breaks between clouds. They stood for a minute or two looking toward the Burrow, their hands shadowing their eyes, but all they could make out were the high hedges and trees of the orchard, which afforded the crooked little house protection from Muggle eyes.It's weird, being this near, but not going to visit, said Ron.Well, it's not like you haven't just seen them. You were there for Christmas, said Hermione coldly.I wasn't at the Burrow! said Ron with an incredulous laugh. Do you think I was going to go back there and tell them all I'd walked out on you? Yeah, Fred and George would've been great about it. And Ginny, she'd have been really understanding.But where have you been, then? asked Hermione, surprised.Bill and Fleur's new place. Shell cottage. Bill's always been decent to me. He C he wasn't impressed when he heard what I'd done, but he didn't go on about it. He knew I was really sorry. None of the rest of the family know I was there. Bill told Mum he and Fleur weren't going home for Christmas because they wanted to spend it alone. You know, first holiday after they were married. I don't think Fleur minded. You know how much she hates Celestina Warbeck.Ron turned his back on the Burrow.Let's try up here, he said, leading the way over the top of the hill.They walked for a few hours, Harry, at Hermione's insistence, hidden beneath the Invisibility Cloak. The cluster of low hills appeared to be uninhabited apart from one small cottage, which seemed deserted.Do you think it's theirs, and they've gone away for Christmas? said Hermione, peering through the window at a neat little kitchen with geraniums on the windowsill. Ron snorted.Listen, I've got a feeling you'd be able to tell who lived there if you looked through the Lovegoods' window. Let's try the next lot of hills.So they Disapparated a few miles farther north.Aha! shouted Ron, as the wind whipped their hair and clothes. Ron was pointing upward, toward the top of the hill on which they had appeared, where a most strange-looking house rose vertically against the sky, a great black cylinder with a ghostly moon hanging behind it in the afternoon sky. That's got to be Luna's house, who else would live in a place like that? It looks like a giant rook!It's nothing like a bird, said Hermione, frowning at the tower.I was talking about a chess rook, said Ron. A castle to you.Ron's legs were the longest and he reached the top of the hill first. When Harry and Hermione caught up with him, panting and clutching stitches in their sides, they found him grinning broadly.It's theirs, said Ron. Look.Three hand-painted signs had been tacked to a broke-down gate. The first read, THE QUIBBLER. EDITOR, X. LOVEGOODthe second,PICK YOUR OWN MISTLETOEthe third,KEEP OFF THE DIRIGIBLE PLUMSThe gate creaked as they opened it. The zigzagging path leading to the front door was overgrown with a variety of odd plants, including a bush covered in orange radishlike fruit Luna sometimes wore as earrings. Harry thought he recognized a Snargaluff and gave the wizened stump a wide berth. Two aged crab apple trees, bent with the wind, stripped of leaves but still heavy with berry-sized red fruits and bushy crowns of white beaded mistletoe, stood sentinel on either side of the front door. A little owl with a slightly flattened hawklike head peered down at them from one of the branches.You'd better take off the Invisibility Cloak, Harry, said Hermione. It's you Mr. Lovegood wants to help, not us.He did as she suggested, handing her the Cloak to stow in the beaded bag. She then rapped three times on the thick black door, which was studded with iron nails and bore a knocker shaped like an eagle.Barely ten seconds passed, then the door was flung open and there stood Xenophilius Lovegood, barefoot and wearing what appeared to be a stained nightshirt. His long white candyfloss hair was dirty and unkempt. Xenophilius had been positively dapper at Bill and Fleur's wedding by comparison.What? What is it? Who are you? What do you want? he cried in a high-pitched, querulous voice, looking first at Hermione, then at Ron, and finally at Harry, upon which his mouth fell open in a perfect, comical O.Hello, Mr. Lovegood, said Harry, holding out his hand, I'm Harry, Harry Potter.Xenophilius did not take Harry's hand, although the eye that was not pointing inward at his nose slid straight to the scar on Harry's forehead.Would it be okay if we came in? asked Harry. There's something we'd like to ask you.I... I'm not sure that's advisable, whispered Xenophilius, He swallowed and cast a quick look around the garden. Rather a shock... My word... I... I'm afraid I don't really think I ought to CIt wont take long said Harry, slightly disappointed by this less-than-warm welcome.I C oh, all right then. Come in, quickly, Quickly!They were barely over the threshold when Xenophilius slammed the door shut behind them, They were standing in the most peculiar kitchen Harry had ever seen. The room was perfectly circular, so that he felt like being inside a giant pepper pot. Everything was curved to fit the walls C the stove, the sink, and the cupboards C and all of it had been painted with flowers, insects, and birds in bright primary colors. Harry thought he recognized Luna's styles. The effect in such and enclosed space, was slightly overwhelming.In the middle of the floor, a wrought-iron spiral staircase led to the upper levels. There was a great deal of clattering and banging coming from overhead: Harry wondered what Luna could be doing.You'd better come up. said Xenophilius, still looking extremely uncomfortable, and he led the way.The room above seemed to be a combination of living room and workplace, and as such, was even more cluttered than the kitchen. Though much smaller and entirely round, the room somewhat resembled the Room of Requirement on the unforgettable occasion that it had transformed itself into a gigantic labyrinth comprised of centuries of hidden objects. There were piles upon piles of books and papers on every surface. Delicately made models of creatures Harry did not recognize, all flapping wings or snapping jaws, hung from the ceiling.Luna was not there: The thing that was making such a racket was a wooden object covered in magically turning cogs and wheels, It looked like the bizarre offspring of a workbench and a set of shelves, but after a moment Harry deduced that it was an old-fashioned printing press, due to the fact that it was churning out Quibblers.Excuse me, said Xenophilius, and he strode over to the machine, seized grubbily tablecloth from beneath an immense number of books and papers, which all tumbled onto the floor, and threw it over the press, somewhat muffling the loud bangs and clatters. He then faced Harry.Why have you come here? Before Harry could speak, however, Hermione let out a small cry of shock.Mr. Lovegood C what's that?See was pointing at an enormous, gray spiral horn, not unlike that of a unicorn, which had been mounted on the wall, protruding several feet into the room.It is the horn of a Crumple-Horned Snorkack, said Xenophilius.No it isn't! said Hermione.Hermione, muttered Harry, embarrassed, now's not the moment C But Harry, it's an Erumpent horn! It's a Class B Tradeable Material and it's an extraordinary dangerous thing to have in a house!How'd you know it's an Erumpent horn? asked Ron, edging away from the horn as fast as he could, given the extreme clutter of the room.There's a description in Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them! Mr. Lovegood, you need to get rid of it straightaway, don't you know it can explode at the slightest touch?The Crumple Horned Snorkack said Xenophilius very clearly, a mulish look upon his face, is a shy and highly magical creature, and it's horn C Mr. Lovegood. I recognize the grooved markings around the base, that's an Erumpent horn and it's incredibly dangerous C I don't know where you got it-I bought it, said Xenophilius dogmatically. Two weeks ago, from a delightful young wizard who knew my interest in the exquisite Snorkack. A Christmas surprise for my Luna. Now, he said, turning to Harry, why exactly have you come here, Mr. Potter?We need some help, said Harry, before Hermione could start again.Ah, said Xenophilius, Help, Hmm.His good eye moved again to Harry's scar. He seemed simultaneously terrified and mesmerized.Yes. The thing is... helping Harry Potter... rather dangerous...Aren't you the one who keeps telling everyone it's their first duty to help Harry? said Ron. In that magazine of yours?Xenophilius glanced behind him at the concealed printing press, still banging and clattering beneath the tablecloth.Er C yes, I have expressed that view. however C That's for everyone else to do, not you personally? said Ron.Xenophilius did not answer. He kept swallowing, his eyes darting between the three of them. Harry had the impression that he was undergoing some painful internal struggle.Where's Luna? asked Hermione. Let's see what she thinks.Xenophilius gulped. He seemed to be steeling himself. Finally he said in a shaky voice difficult to hear over the noise of the printing press, Luna is down at the stream, fishing for Freshwater Plimpies. She...she will like to see you. I'll go and call her and then C yes, very well. I shall try to help you.He disappeared down the spiral staircase and they heard the front open and close. They looked at each other.Cowardly old wart, said Ron. Luna's got ten times his guts.He's probably worried about what'll happen to them if the Death Eaters find out I was here said Harry.Well, I agree with Ron, said Hermione, Awful old hypocrite, telling everyone else to help you and trying to worm our of it himself. And for heaven's sake keep away from that horn.Harry crossed to the window on the far side of the room. He could see a stream, a thin, glittering ribbon lying far below them at the base of the hill. They were very high up	 a bird fluttered past the window as he stared in the direction of the Burrow, now invisible beyond another line of hills. Ginny was over there somewhere. They were closer to each other today than they had been since Bill and Fleur's wedding, but she could have no idea he was gazing toward her now, thinking of her. He suppose he ought to be glad of it	 anyone he came into contact with was in danger, Xenophilius's attitude proved that. he turned away from the windows and his gaze fell upon another peculiar object standing upon the cluttered, curved slide board	 a stone but of a beautiful but austere-looking witch wearing a most bizarre-looking headdress. Two objects that resembled golden ear trumpets curved out from the sides. A tiny pair of glittering blue wing was stuck to a leather strap that ran over the top of her head, while one of the orange radishes had been stuck to a second strap around her forehead.Look at this, said Harry.Fetching, said Ron. Surprised he didn't wear that to the wedding.They heard the front door close, and a moment later Xenophilius climbed back up the spiral staircase into the room, his thin legs now encase in Wellington boots, bearing a tray of ill-assorted teacups and a steaming teapot.Ah, you have spotted my pet invention, he said, shoving the tray into Hermione's arms and joining Harry at the statue's side.Modeled, fittingly enough, upon the head of the beautiful Rowens Ravenclaw, 'Wit beyond measure is a man's greatest treasure!'He indicated the objects like ear trumpets.These are the Wrackpurt siphons C to remove all sources of distraction from the thinker's immediate area. Here, he pointed out the tiny wings, a billywig propeller, to induce an elevated frame of mind. Finally, he pointed to the orange radish, the dirigible Plum, so as to enhance the ability to accept the extraordinary.Xenophilius strode back to the tea tray, which Hermione had managed to balance precariously on one of the cluttered side tables.May I offer you all an infusion of Gurdyroots? said Xenophilius. We make it ourselves. As he started to pour out the drink, which was as deeply purple as beetroot juice, he added, Luna is down beyond Bottom Bridge, she is most excited that you are here She ought not to be too long, she has caught nearly enough Plumpies to make soup for all of us. Do sit down and help yourselves to sugar.Now, he remove a tottering pile of papers from an armchair and sat down, his Wellingtoned legs crossed, how may I help you, Mr. Potter?Well, said Harry, glancing at Hermione, who nodded encouragingly, it's about that symbol you were wearing around your neck at Bill and Fleur's wedding, Mr. Lovegood. We wondered what it meant.Xenophilius raised his eyebrows.Are you referring to the sign of the Deathly Hallows?,183,Deathly Hallows,20				
Deathly Hallows=Harry turned to look at Ron and Hermione. Neither of them seemed to have understood what Xenophilius had said either.The Deathly Hallows?That's right, said Xenophilius. You haven't heard of them? I'm not surprised. Very, very few wizards believe. Witness that knuckle-headed young man at your brother's wedding, he nodded at Ron, who attacked me for sporting the symbol of a well-known Dark wizard! Such ignorance. There is nothing Dark about the Hallows C at least not in that crude sense. One simply uses the symbol to reveal oneself to other believers, in the hope that they might help one with the Quest.He stirred several lumps of sugar into his Gurdyroot infusion and drank some.I'm sorry, said Harry, I still don't really understand.To be polite, he took a sip from his cup too, and almost gagged: The stuff was quite disgusting, as though someone had liquidized bogey-flavored Every Flavor Beans.Well, you see, believers seek the Deathly Hallows, said Xenophilius, smacking his lips in apparent appreciation of the Gurdyroot infusion.But what are the Deathly Hallows? asked Hermione.Xenophilius set aside his empty teacup.I assume that you are familiar with 'The Tale of the Three Brothers'?Harry said, No, but Ron and Hermione both said, Yes. Xenophilius nodded gravely.Well, well, Mr. Potter, the whole thing starts with 'The Tale of the Three Brothers'... I have a copy somewhere...He glanced vaguely around the room, at the piles of parchment and books, but Hermione said, I've got a copy, Mr. Lovegood, I've got it right here.And she pulled out The Tales of Beedle the Bard from the small, beaded bag.The original? inquired Xenophilius sharply, and when she nodded, he said, Well then, why don't you read it out aloud? Much the best way to make sure we all understand.Er... all right, said Hermione nervously. She opened the book, and Harry saw that the symbol they were investigating headed the top of the page as she gave a little cough, and began to read.'There were once three brothers who were traveling along a lonely, winding road at twilight C'Midnight, our mum always told us, said Ron, who had stretched out, arms behind his head, to listen. Hermione shot him a look of annoyance.Sorry, I just think it's a bit spookier if it's midnight! said Ron.Yeah, because we really need a bit more fear in our lives, said Harry before he could stop himself. Xenophilius did not seem to be paying much attention, but was staring out of the window at the sky. Go on, Hermione.In time, the brothers reached a river too deep to wade through and too dangerous to swim across. However, these brothers were learned in the magical arts, and so they simply waved their wands and made a bridge appear across the treacherous water. They were halfway across it when they found their path blocked by a hooded figure.'And Death spoke to them C'Sorry, interjected Harry, but Death spoke to them?It's a fairy tale, Harry!Right, sorry. Go on.'And Death spoke to them. He was angry that he had been cheated out of the three new victims, for travelers usually drowned in the river. But Death was cunning. He pretended to congratulate the three brothers upon their magic, and said that each had earned a prize for having been clever enough to evade him.'So the oldest brother, who was a combative man, asked for a wand more powerful than any in existence: a wand that must always win duels for its owner, a wand worthy of a wizard who had conquered Death! So Death crossed to an elder tree on the banks of the river, fashioned a wand from a branch that hung there, and gave it to the oldest brother.'Then the second brother, who was an arrogant man, decided that he wanted to humiliate Death still further, and asked for the power to recall others from Death. So Death picked up a stone from the riverbank and gave it to the second brother, and told him that the stone would have the power to bring back the dead.'And then Death asked the third and youngest brother what he would like. The youngest brother was the humblest and also the wisest of the brothers, and he did not trust Death. So he asked for something that would enable him to go forth from that place without being followed by Death. And Death, most unwillingly, handed over his own Cloak of Invisibility.'Death's got an Invisibility Cloak? Harry interrupted again.So he can sneak up on people, said Ron. Sometimes he gets bored of running at them, flapping his arms and shrieking... sorry, Hermione.'Then Death stood aside and allowed the three brothers to continue on their way, and they did so talking with wonder of the adventure they had had and admiring Death's gifts.'In due course the brothers separated, each for his own destination.'The first brother traveled on for a week more, and reaching a distant village, sought out a fellow wizard with whom he had a quarrel. Naturally, with the Elder Wand as his weapon, he could not fail to win the duel that followed. Leaving his enemy dead upon the floor the oldest brother proceeded to an inn, where he boasted loudly of the powerful wand he had snatched from Death himself, and of how it made him invincible.'That very night, another wizard crept upon the oldest brother as he lay, wine-sodden upon his bed. The thief took the wand and for good measure, slit the oldest brother's throat.'And so Death took the first brother for his own.'Meanwhile, the second brother journeyed to his own home, where he lived alone. Here he took out the stone that had the power to recall the dead, and turned it thrice in his hand. To his amazement and his delight, the figure of the girl he had once hoped to marry, before her untimely death, appeared at once before him.'Yet she was sad and cold, separated from him as by a veil. Though she had returned to the mortal world, she did not truly belong there and suffered. Finally the second brother, driven mad with hopeless longing, killed himself so as to truly join her.'And so Death took the second brother from his own.'But though Death searched for the third brother for many years, he was never able to find him. It was only when he had attained a great age that the youngest brother finally took off the Cloak of Invisibility and gave it to his son. And the he greeted Death as an old friend, and went with him gladly, and, equals, they departed this life.'Hermione closed the book. It was a moment or two before Xenophilius seemed to realize that she had stopped reading	 then he withdrew his gaze from the window and said: Well, there you are.Sorry? said Hermione, sounding confused.Those are the Deathly Hallows, said Xenophilius.He picked up a quill from a packed table at his elbow, and pulled a torn piece of parchment from between more books.The Elder Wand, he said, and drew a straight vertical line upon the parchment. The Resurrection Stone, he said, and added a circle on top of the line. The Cloak of Invisibility, he finished, enclosing both line and circle in a triangle, to make the symbols that so intrigued Hermione. Together, he said, the Deathly Hallows.But there's no mention of the words 'Deathly Hallows' in the story, said Hermione.Well, of course not, said Xenophilius, maddeningly smug. That is a children's tale, told to amuse rather than to instruct. Those of us who understand these matters, however, recognize that the ancient story refers to three objects, or Hallows, which, if united, will make the possessor master of Death.There was a short silence in which Xenophilius glanced out of the window. Already the sun was low in the sky.Luna ought to have enough Plimpies soon, he said quietly.When you say 'master of Death' C said Ron.Master, said Xenophilius, waving an airy hand. Conqueror. Vanquisher. Whichever term you prefer.But then... do you mean... said Hermione slowly, and Harry could tell that she was trying to keep any trace of skepticism out of her voice, that you believe these objects C these Hallows C really exist?Xenophilius raised his eyebrows again.Well, of course.But, said Hermione, and Harry could hear her restraint starting to crack, Mr. Lovegood, how can you possibly believe C?Luna has told me all about you, young lady, said Xenophilius. You are, I gather, not unintelligent, but painfully limited. Narrow. Close-minded.Perhaps you ought to try on the hat, Hermione, said Ron, nodding toward the ludicrous headdress. His voice shook with the strain of not laughing.Mr. Lovegood, Hermione began again, We all know that there are such things as Invisibility Cloaks. They are rare, but they exist. But C Ah, but the Third Hallow is a true Cloak of Invisibility, Miss Granger! I mean to say, it is not a traveling cloak imbued with a Disillusionment Charm, or carrying a Bedazzling Hex, or else woven from Demiguise hair, which will hide one initially but fade with the years until it turns opaque. We are talking about a cloak that really and truly renders the wearer completely invisible, and endures eternally, giving constant and impenetrable concealment, no matter what spells are cast at it. How many cloaks have you ever seen like that, Miss Granger?Hermione opened her mouth to answer, then closed it again, looking more confused than ever. She, Harry and Ron glanced at one another, and Harry knew that they were all thinking the same thing. It so happened that a cloak exactly like the one Xenophilius had just described was in the room with them at that very moment.Exactly, said Xenophilius, as if he had defeated them all in reasoned argument. None of you have ever seen such a thing. The possessor would be immeasurably rich, would he not?He glanced out of the window again. The sky was now tinged with the faintest trace of pink.All right, said Hermione, disconcerted. Say the Cloak existed... what about that stone, Mr. Lovegood? The thing you call the Resurrection Stone?What of it?Well, how can that be real?Prove that is not, said Xenophilius.Hermione looked outraged.But that's C I'm sorry, but that's completely ridiculous! How can I possibly prove it doesn't exist? Do you expect me to get hold of C of all the pebbles in the world and test them? I mean, you could claim that anything's real if the only basis for believing in it is that nobody's proved it doesn't exist!Yes, you could, said Xenophilius. I am glad to see that you are opening your mind a little.So the Elder Wand, said Harry quickly, before Hermione could retort, you think that exists too?Oh, well, in that case there is endless evidence, said Xenophilius. The Elder Wand is the Hallow that is most easily traced, because of the way in which it passes from hand to hand.Which is what? asked Harry.Which is that the possessor of the wand must capture it from its previous owner, if he is to be truly master of it, said Xenophilius. Surely you have heard of the way the wand came to Egbert the Egregious, after his slaughter of Emeric the Evil? Of how Godelot died in his own cellar after his son, Hereward, took the wand from him? Of the dreadful Loxias, who took the wand from Baraabas Deverill, whom he had killed? The bloody trail of the Elder Wand is splattered across the pages of Wizarding history.Harry glanced at Hermione. She was frowning at Xenophilius, but she did not contradict him.So where do you think the Elder Wand is now? asked Ron.Alas, who knows? said Xenophilius, as he gazed out of the window. Who knows where the Elder Wand lies hidden? The trail goes cold with Arcus and Livius. Who can say which of them really defeated Loxias, and which took the wand? And who can say who may have defeated them? History, alas, does not tell us.There was a pause. Finally Hermione asked stiffly, Mr. Lovegood, does the Peverell family have anything to do with the Deathly Hallows?Xenophilius looked taken aback as something shifted in Harry's memory, but he could not locate it. Peverell... he had heard that name before...But you have been misleading me, young woman! said Xenophilius, now sitting up much straighter in his chair and goggling at Hermione. I thought you were new to the Hallows Quest! Many of us Questers believe that the Peverells have everything C everything! C to do with the Hallows!Who are the Peverells? asked Ron.That was the name on the grave with the mark on it, in Godric's Hollow, said Hermione, still watching Xenophilius. Ignotus Peverell.Exactly! said Xenophilius, his forefinger raised pedantically. The sign of the Death Hallows on Ignotus's grave is conclusive proof!Of what? asked Ron.Why, that the three brothers in the story were actually the three Peverell brothers, Antioch, Cadmus and Ignotus! That they were the original owners of the Hallows!With another glance at the window he got to his feet, picked up the tray, and headed for the spiral staircase.You will stay for dinner? he called, as he vanished downstairs again. Everybody always requests our recipe for Freshwater Plimply soup.Probably to show the Poisoning Department at St. Mungo's, said Ron under his breath.Harry waited until they could hear Xenophilius moving about in the kitchen downstairs before speaking.What do you think? he asked Hermione.Oh, Harry, she said wearily, it's a pile of utter rubbish. This can't be what the sign really means. This must just be his weird take on it. What a waste of time.I s'pose this is the man who brought us Crumple-Horned Snorkacks, said Ron.You didn't believe it either? Harry asked him.Nah, that story's just one of those things you tell kids to teach them lessons, isn't it? 'Don't go looking for trouble, don't go pick fights, don't go messing around with stuff that's best left alone! Just keep your head down, mind your own business, and you'll be okay. Come to think of it, Ron added, maybe that story's why elder wands are supposed to be unlucky.What are you talking about?One of those superstitions, isn't it? 'May-born witches will marry Muggles.' 'Jinx by twilight, undone by midnight.' 'Wand of cider, never prosper.' You must have heard them. My mum's full of them.Harry and I were raised by Muggles, Hermione reminded him. We were taught different superstitions. She sighed deeply as a rather pungent smell drifted up from the kitchen. The one good thing about her exasperation with Xenophilius was that it seemed to have made her forget that she was annoyed at Ron. I think you're right, she told him. It's just a morality tale, it's obvious which gift is best, which one you'd choose C The three of them spoke at the same time: Hermione said, the Cloak, Ron said, the wand, and Harry said, the stone.They looked at each other, half surprised, half amused.You're supposed to say the Cloak, Ron told Hermione, but you wouldn't need to be invisible if you had the wand. An unbeatable wand, Hermione, come on!We've already got an Invisibility Cloak, said Harry, And it's helped us rather a lot, in case you hadn't noticed! said Hermione. Whereas the wand would be bound to attract troubleCOnly if you shouted about it, argued Ron. Only if you were prat enough to go dancing around waving it over your head, and singing, 'I've got an unbeatable want, come and have a go if you think you're hard enough.' As long as you kept your trap shut CYes, but could you keep your trap shut? said Hermione, looking skeptical. You know the only true thing he said to us was that there have been stories about extra-powerful wands for hundreds of years.There have? asked Harry.Hermione looked exasperated: The expression was so endearingly familiar that Harry and Ron grinned at each other.The Deathstick, the Wand of Destiny, they crop up under different names through the centuries, usually in the possession of some Dark wizard who's boasting about them.Professor Binns mentioned some of them, but C oh it's all nonsense. Wands are only as powerful as the wizards who use them. Some wizards just like to boast that theirs are bigger and better than other people'sBut how do you know, said Harry, that those wants C the Deathstick, and the Wand of Destiny C aren't the same want, surfacing over the centuries under different names?What if they're all really the Elder Wand, made by Death? said Ron. Harry laughed: The strange idea that had occurred to him was after all, ridiculous. His wand, he reminded himself, had been of holly, not elder, and it had been made by Ollivander, whatever it had done that night Voldemort had pursued him across the skies and if it had been unbeatable, how could it have been broken? So why would you take the stone? Ron asked him. Well, if you could bring people back, we could have Sirius...Mad-Eye...Dumbledore...my parents... Neither Ron nor Hermione smiled.But according to Beedle the Bard, they wouldn't want to come back, would they? said Harry, thinking about the tail they had just heard. I don't suppose there have been loads of other stories about a stone that can raise the dead, have there? he asked Hermione. No, she replied sadly. I don't think anyone except Mr. Lovegood could kid themselves that's possible. Beedle probably took the idea from the Sorcerer's Stone	 you know, instead of a stone to make you immortal, a stone to reverse death. The smell from the kitchen was getting stronger. It was something like burning underpants. Harry wondered whether it would be possible to eat enough of whatever Xenophilius was cooking to spare his feelings.What about the Cloak, though? said Ron slowly. Don't you realize, he's right? I've got so used to Harry's Cloak and how good it is, I never stopped to think. I've never heard of one like Harry's. It's infallible. We've never been spotted under it COf course not C we're invisible when we're under it, Ron!But all the stuff he said about other cloaks, and they're not exactly ten a Kanut, you know, is true! It's never occurred to me before but I've heard stuff about charms wearing off cloaks when they get old, or them being ripped apart by spells so they've got holes, Harry's was owned by his dad, so it's not exactly new, is it, but it's just... perfect!Yes, all right, but Ron, the stone...As they argued in whispers, Harry moved around the room, only half listening. Reaching the spiral stair, he raised his eyes absently to the next level and was distracted at once. His own face was looking back at him from the ceiling of the room above. After a moment's bewilderment, he realized that it was not a mirror, but a painting. Curious, he began to clime the stairs.Harry, what are you doing? I don't think you should look around when he's not here! But Harry had already reached the next level. Luna had decorated her bedroom ceiling with five beautifully painted faces: Harry, Ron, Hermione, Ginny, and Neville. They were not moving as the portraits at Hogwarts moved, but there was a certain magic about them all the same. Harry thought they breathed. What appeared to be a fine golden chains wove around the pictures linking them together, but after examining them for a minute or so, Harry realized that the chains were actually one work repeated a thousand times in golden ink: friends... friends... friends...Harry felt a great rush of affection for Luna. He looked around the room. There was a large photograph beside the bed, of a young Luna and a woman who looked very like her. They were hugging. Luna looked rather better-groomed in this picture than Harry had ever seen her in life. The picture was dusty. This struck Harry as slightly odd. He stared around. Something was wrong. The pale blue carpet was also thick with dust. There were no clothes in the wardrobe, whose doors stood ajar. The bed had a cold, unfriendly look, as though it had not been slept in for weeks. A single cobweb stretched over the nearest window across the blood red sky.What's wrong? Hermione asked as Harry descended the staircase, but before he could respond, Xenophilius reached the top of the stairs from the kitchen, now holding a tray laden with bowls.Mr. Lovegood, said Harry. Where's Luna?Excuse me?Where's Luna?Xenophilius halted on the top step.I C I've already told you. She is down at the Botions Bridge fishing for Plimpies.So why have you only laid that tray for four?Xenophilius tried to speak, but no sound came out. The only noise was the continued chugging of the printing press, and a slight rattle from the tray as Xenophilius's hands shook.I don't think Luna's been here for weeks. said Harry. Her clothes are gone, her bed hasn't been slept in. Where is she? and why do you keep looking out of the window?Xenophilius dropped the tray. The bowls bounced and smashed Harry, Ron, and Hermione drew their wands. Xenophilius froze his hand about to enter his pocket. At that moment the printing press have a huge bank and numerous Quibblers came streaming across the floor from underneath the tablecloth, the press fell silent at last. Hermione stooped down and picked up one of the magazines, her wand still pointing at Mr. Lovegood.Harry, look at this He strode over to her as quickly as he could through all the clutter.The front of the Quibbler carried his own picture, emblazoned with the words Undesirable Number One and captioned with the reward money.The Quibbler's going for a new angle, then? Harry asked coldly, his mind working very fast. Is that what you were doing when you went into the garden, Mr. Lovegood?Sending an owl to the Ministry?Xenophilius licked his lips They took my Luna, he whispered, Because of what I've been writing. They took my Luna and I don't know where she is, what they've done to her. But they might give her back to me if I C If ICHand over Harry? Hermione finished for him.No deal. said Ron flatly. Get out of the way, we're leaving.Xenophilius looked ghastly, a century old, his lips drawn back into a dreadful leer.They will be here any moment. I must save Luna. I cannot lose Luna. You must not leave.He spread his arms in front of the staircase, and Harry had a sudden vision of his mother doing the same thing in front of his crib.Don't make us hurt you, Harry said. Get out of the way, Mr. Lovegood.HARRY! Hermione screamed.Figures on broomsticks were flying past the windows. As the three of them looked away from him. Xenophilius drew his wand. Harry realized their mistake just in time. He launched himself sideways, shoving Ron and Hermione out of harm's way as Xenophilius's Stunning Spell soared across the room and hit the Erumpent horn.There was a colossal explosion. The sound of it seemed to blow the room apart.Fragments of wood and paper and rubble flew in all directions, along with an impenetrable cloud of thick white dust. Harry flew through the air, then crashed to the floor, unable to see as debris rained upon him, his arms over his head. He heard Hermione's scream, Ron's yell, and a series of sickening metallic thuds which told him that Xenophilius had been blasted off his feet and fallen backward down the spiral stairs.Half buried in rubble, Harry tried to raise himself. He could barely breathe or see for dust.Half of the ceiling had fall in and the end of Luna's bead was hanging through the hole.The bust of Rowena Ravenclaw lay beside him with half its face missing fragments of torn parchment were floating through the air, and most of the printing press lay on its side, blocking the top of the staircase to the kitchen. Then another white shape moved close by, and Hermione, coated in dust like a second statue, pressed his finger to her lips.The door downstairs crashed open.Didn't I tell you there was no need to hurry, Travers? said a rough voice. Didn't I tell you this nutter was just raving as usual? There was a bang and a scream of pain from Xenophilius.No...no...upstairs...Potter!I told you last week Lovegood, we weren't coming back for anything less than some solid information! Remember last week? When you wanted to swap your daughter for that stupid bleeding headdress? And the week before C Another bang, another squeal C When you thought we'd give her back if you offered us proof there are Cumple C Bang C HeadedCbangC Snorkacks?No C no C I beg of you! sobbed Xenophilius. It really is Potter, Really!And now it turns out you only called us here to try and blow us up! roared the Death Eater, and there was a volley of bangs interspersed with squeals of agony from Xenophilius.The place looks like it's about to fall in, Selwyn, said a cool second voice, echoing up the mangled staircase. The stairs are completely blocked. Could try clearing it? Might bring the place down.You lying piece of filth. shouted the wizard named Selwyn.You have never seen Potter in your life, have you? Thought you'd lure us here to kill us, did you? And you think you'll get your girl back like this?I swear...I swear...Potter's upstairs!Homenum revelio. said the voice at the foot of the stairs. Harry heard Hermione gasp, and he had the odd sensation something was swooping low over him, immersing his body in its shadow.There's someone up there all right, Selwyn, said the second man sharply.It's Potter, I tell you, it's Potter! sobbed Xenophilius. Please...please...give me Luna, just let me have Luna...You can have your little girl, Lovegood, said Selwyn, if you get up those stairs and bring me down Harry Potter. But if this is a plot, if it's a trick, if you've got an accomplice waiting up there to ambush us, we'll see if we can spare a bit of your daughter for you to bury.Xenophilius gave a wail of fear and despair. There were scurryings and scrapings.Xenophilius was trying to get through the debris on the stairs.Come on, Harry whispered, we've got to get out of here.He started to dig himself out under cover of all the noise Xenophilius was making on the staircase. Ron was buried the deepest. Harry and Hermione climbed, as quietly as they could, over all the wreckage to where he lay, trying to prise a heavy chest of drawers off his legs. While Xenophilius banging and scraping drew nearer and nearer, Hermione managed to free Ron with the use of a Hover Charm.All right. breathed Hermione, as the broken printing press blocking the top of the stairs begin to tremble. Xenophilius was feet away from them. She was still white with dust.Do you trust me Harry?Harry nodded.Okay then. Hermione whispered. give me the invisibility Cloak. Ron, you're going to put it on.Me? But Harry CPlease, Ron! Harry, hold on tight to my hand, Ron grab my shoulder.Harry held out his left hand. Ron vanished beneath the Cloak. The printing press blocking the stairs was vibrating. Xenophilius was trying to shift it using a Hover Charm. Harry did not know what Hermione was waiting for.Hold tight she whispered. Hold tight...any second...Xenophilius's paper-white face appeared over the top of the sideboard.Obliviate! cried Hermione, pointing her want first into his face then at the floor beneath them. Deprimo!She had blasted a hole in the sitting room floor. They fell like boulders. Harry still holding onto her hand for dear life, there was a scream from below, and he glimpsed two men trying to get out of the way as vast quantities of rubble and broken furniture rained all around them from the shattered ceiling. Hermione twisted in midair and thundering of the collapsing house rang in Harry's ears as she dragged him once more into darkness.,184,Deathly Hallows,21											
Deathly Hallows=Harry fell, panting, onto grass and scrambled up at once. They seemed to have landed in the corner of a field at dusk	 Hermione was already running in a circle around them, waving her wand.Protego Totalum...Salvio Hexia...That treacherous old bleeder. Ron panted, emerging from beneath the Invisibility Cloak and throwing it to Harry. Hermione you're a genius, a total genius. I can't believe we got out of that.Cave Inimicum...Didn't I say it was a Frumpent horn, didn't I tell him? And now his house has been blown apart!Serves him right, said Ron, examining his torn jeans and the cuts to his legs, What'd you reckon they'll do to him?Oh I hope they don't kill him! groaned Hermione, That's why I wanted the Death Eaters to get a glimpse of Harry before we left, so they knew Xenophilius hadn't been lying!Why hide me though? asked Ron.You're supposed to be in bed with spattergrolt, Ron! They've kidnapped Luna because her father supported Harry! What would happen to your family if they knew you're with him?But what about your mum and dad?They're in Australia, said Hermione, They should be all right. They don't know anything.You're a genius, Ron repeated, looking awed.Yeah, you are, Hermione, agreed Harry fervently. I don't know what we'd do without you.She beamed, but became solemn at once.What about Luna?Well, if they're telling the truth and she's still alive C began Ron.Don't say that, don't say it! squealed Hermione. She must be alive, she must!Then she'll be in Azkaban, I expect, said Ron. Whether she survives the place, though...Loads don't...She will, said Harry. He could not bear to contemplate the alternative. She's tough, Luna, much tougher than you'd think. She's probably teaching all the inmates about Wrackspurts and Nargles.I hope you're right, said Hermione. She passed a hand over her eyes. I'd feel so sorry for Xenophilius if CC if he hadn't just tried to sell us to the Death Eaters, yeah, said Ron.They put up the tent and retreated inside it, where Ron made them tea. After their narrow escape, the chilly, musty old place felt like home: safe, familiar, and friendly.Oh, why did we go there? groaned Hermione after a few minutes' silence. Harry, you were right, it was Godric's Hollow all over again, a complete waste of time! The Deathly Hallows...such rubbish...although actually, a sudden thought seemed to have struck her, he might have made it all up, mightn't he? He probably doesn't believe in the Deathly Hallows at all, he just wanted to keep us talking until the Death Eaters arrived!I don't think so, said Ron. It's a damn sight harder making stuff up when you're under stress than you'd think. I found that out when the Snatchers caught me. It was much easier pretending to be Stan, because I knew a bit about him, than inventing a whole new person. Old Lovegood was under loads of pressure, trying to make sure we stayed put. I reckon he told us the truth, or what he thinks is the truth, just to keep us talking.Well, I don't suppose it matters, sighed Hermione. Even if he was being honest, I never heard such a lot of nonsense in all my life.Hang on, though, said Ron. The Chamber of Secrets was supposed to be a myth, wasn't it?But the Deathly Hallows can't exist, Ron!You keep saying that, but one of them can, said Ron. Harry's Invisibility Cloak CThe Tale of the Three Brothers' is a story, said Hermione firmly. A story about how humans are frightened of death. If surviving was as simple as hiding under the Invisibility Cloak, we'd have everything we need already!I don't know. We could do with an unbeatable wand, said Harry, turning the blackthorn wand he so disliked over in his fingers.There's no such thing, Harry!You said there have been loads of wands C the Deathstick and whatever they were called CAll right, even if you want to kid yourself the Elder Wand's real, what about the Resurrection Stone? Her fingers sketched quotation marks around the name, and her tone dripped sarcasm. No magic can raise the dead, and that's that!When my wand connected with You-Know-Who's, it made my mum and dad appear...and Cedric...But they weren't really back from the dead, were they? said Hermione. Those kind of Cof pale imitations aren't the same as truly bringing someone back to life.But she, the girl in the tale, didn't really come back, did she? The story says that once people are dead, they belong with the dead. But the second brother still got to see her and talk to her, didn't he? He even lived with her for a while...He saw concern and something less easily definable in Hermione's expression. Then, as she glanced at Ron, Harry realized that it was fear: He had scared her with his talk of living with dead people.So that Peverell bloke who's buried in Godric's Hollow, he said hastily, trying to sound robustly sane, you don't know anything about him, then?No, she replied, looking relieved at the change of subject. I looked him up after I saw the mark on his grave	 if he'd been anyone famous or done anything important, I'm sure he'd be in one of our books. The only place I've managed to find the name 'Peverell' Is Nature's Nobility: A Wizarding Genealogy. I borrowed it from Kreacher, she explained as Ron raised his eyebrows. It lists the pure-blood families that are now extinct in the male line. Apparently the Peverells were one of the earliest families to vanish.Extinct in the male line? repeated Ron.It means the name died out, said Hermione, centuries ago, in the case of the Peverells. They could still have descendents, though, they'd just be called something different.And then it came to Harry in one shining piece, the memory that had stirred at the sound of the name Peverell: a filthy old man brandishing an ugly ring in the face of a Ministry official, and he cried aloud, Marvolo Gaunt!Sorry said Ron and Hermione together.Marvolo Gaunt! You-Know-Who's grandfather! In the Pensieve! With Dumbledore! Marvolo Gaunt said he was descended from the Peverells!Ron and Hermione looked bewildered.The ring, the ring that became the Horcrux, Marvolo Gaunt said it had the Peverell coat of arms on it! I saw him waving it in the bloke from the Ministry's face, he nearly shoved it up his nose!The Peverell coat of arms? said Hermione sharply. Could you see what it looked like?Not really, said Harry, trying to remember. There was nothing fancy on there, as far as I could see	 maybe a few scratches. I only ever saw it really close up after it had been cracked open.Harry saw Hermione's comprehension in the sudden widening of her eyes. Ron was looking from one to the other, astonished.Blimey...You reckon it was this sign again? The sign of the Hallows?Why not? said Harry excitedly, Marvolo Gaunt was an ignorant old git who lived like a pig, all he cared about was his ancestry. If that ring had been passed down through the centuries, he might not have known what it really was. There were no books in that house, and trust me, he wasn't the type to read fairy tales to his kids. He'd have loved to think the scratches on the stone were a coat of arms, because as far as he was concerned, having pure blood made you practically royal.Yes...and that's all very interesting, said Hermione cautiously, but Harry, if you're thinking what I think you're think CWell, why not? Why not? said Harry, abandoning caution. It was a stone, wasn't it? He looked at Ron for support. What if it was the Resurrection Stone?Ron's mouth fell open.Blimey C but would it still work if Dumbledore broke C?Work? Work? Ron, it never worked! There's no such thing as a Resurrection Stone!Hermione leapt to her feet, looking exasperated and angry. Harry you're trying to fit everything into the Hallows story CFit everything in? he repeated. Hermione, it fits of its own accord! I know the sign of the Deathly Hallows was on that stone! Gaunt said he was descended from the Peverells!A minute ago you told us you never saw the mark on the stone properly!Where'd you reckon the ring is now? Ron asked Harry. What did Dumbledore do with it after he broke it open?But Harry's imagination was racing ahead, far beyond Ron and Hermione's...Three objects, or Hallows, which, if united, will make the possessor master of Death...Master...Conqueror...Vanquisher...The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death...And he saw himself, possessor of the Hallows, facing Voldemort, whose Horcruxes were no match...Neither can live while the other survives...Was this the answer? Hallows versus Horcruxes? Was there a way after all, to ensure that he was the one who triumphed? If he were the master of the Deathly Hallows, would he be safe?Harry?But he scarcely heard Hermione: He had pulled out his Invisibility Cloak and was running it through his fingers, the cloth supple as water, light as air. He had never seen anything to equal it in his nearly seven years in the Wizarding world. The Cloak was exactly what Xenophilius had described: A cloak that really and truly renders the wearer completely invisible, and endures eternally, giving constant and impenetrable concealment, no matter what spells are cast at it...And then, with a gasp, he remembered CDumbledore had my Cloak the night my parents died!His voice shook and he could feel the color in his face, but he did not care.My mum told Sirius that Dumbledore borrowed the Cloak! This is why! He wanted to examine it, because he thought it was the third Hallow! Ignotus Peverell is buried in Godric's Hollow... Harry was walking blindly around the tent, feeling as though great new vistas of truth were opening all around him. He's my ancestor. I'm descended from the third brother! It all makes sense!He felt armed in certainty, in his belief in the Hallows, as if the mere idea of possessing them was giving him protection, and he felt joyous as he turned back to the other two.Harry, said Hermione again, but he was busy undoing the pouch around his neck, his fingers shaking hard.Read it, he told her, pushing his mother's letter into her hand. Read it! Dumbledore had the Cloak, Hermione! Why else would he want it? He didn't need a Cloak, he could perform a Disillusionment Charm so powerful that he made himself completely invisible without one!Something fell to the floor and rolled, glittering, under a chair: He had dislodged the Snitch when he pulled out the letter. He stooped to pick it up, and then the newly tapped spring of fabulous discoveries threw him another gift, and shock and wonder erupted inside him so that he shouted out.IT'S IN HERE! He left me the ring C it's in the Snitch!You C you reckon?He could not understand why Ron looked taken aback. It was so obvious, so clear to Harry. Everything fit, everything...His Cloak was the third Hallow, and when he discovered how to open the Snitch he would have the second, and then all he needed to do was find the first Hallow, the Elder Wand, and then CBut it was as though a curtain fell on a lit stage: All his excitement, all his hope and happiness were extinguished at a stroke, and he stood alone in the darkness, and the glorious spell was broken.That's what he's after.The change in his voice made Ron and Hermione look even more scared.You-Know-Who's after the Elder Wand.He turned his back on their strained, incredulous faces. He knew it was the truth. It all made sense, Voldemort was not seeking a new wand	 he was seeking an old wand, a very old wand indeed. Harry walked to the entrance of the tent, forgetting about Ron and Hermione as he looked out into the night, thinking...Voldemort had been raised in a Muggle orphanage. Nobody could have told him The Tales of Beedle the Bard when he was a child, any more than Harry had heard them. Hardly any wizards believed in the Deathly Hallows. Was it likely that Voldemort knew about them?Harry gazed into the darkness...If Voldemort had known about the Deathly Hallows, surely he would have sought them, done anything to possess them: three objects that made the possessor master of Death? If he had known about the Deathly Hallows, he might not have needed Horcruxes in the first place. Didn't the simple fact that he had taken a Hallow, and turned it into a Horcrux, demonstrate that he did not know this last great Wizarding secret?Which meant that Voldemort sought the Elder Wand without realizing its full power, without understanding that it was one of three...for the wand was the Hallow that could not be hidden, whose existence was best known...The bloody trail of the Elder Wand is splattered across the pages of Wizarding history...Harry watched the cloudy sky, curves of smoke-gray and silver sliding over the face of the white moon. He felt lightheaded with amazement at his discoveries.He turned back into the tent. It was a shock to see Ron and Hermione standing exactly where he had left them, Hermione still holding Lily's letter, Ron at her side looking slightly anxious. Didn't they realize how far they had traveled in the last few minutes?This is it? Harry said, trying to bring them inside the glow of his own astonished certainty, This explains everything. The Deathly Hallows are real and I've got one C maybe two CHe held up the Snitch.C and You-Know-Who's chasing the third, but he doesn't realize...he just thinks it's a powerful wand CHarry, said Hermione, moving across to him and handing him back Lily's letter, I'm sorry, but I think you've got this wrong, all wrong.But don't you see? It all fits CNot, it doesn't, she said. It doesn't. Harry, you're just getting carried away. Please, she said as she started to speak, please just answer me this: If the Deathly Hallows really existed, and Dumbledore knew about them, knew that the person who possessed all of them would be master of Death C Harry, why wouldn't he have told you? Why?He had his answer ready.But you said it, Hermione! You've got to find out about them for yourself! It's a Quest!But I only said that to try and persuade you to come to the Lovegoods'! cried Hermione in exasperation. I didn't really believe it!Harry took no notice.Dumbledore usually let me find out stuff for myself. He let me try my strength, take risks. This feels like the kind of thing he'd do.Harry, this isn't a game, this isn't practice! This is the real thing, and Dumbledore left you very clear instructions: Find and destroy the Horcruxes! That symbol doesn't mean anything, forget the Deathly Hallows, we can't afford to get sidetracked CHarry was barely listening to her. He was turning the Snitch over and over in his hands, half expecting it to break open, to reveal the Resurrection Stone, to prove to Hermione that he was right, that the Deathly Hallows were real.She appealed to Ron.You don't believe in this, do you?Harry looked up, Ron hesitated.I dunno...I mean...bits of it sort of fit together, said Ron awkwardly, But when you look at the whole thing... He took a deep breath. I think we're supposed to get rid of Horcruxes, Harry. That's what Dumbledore told us to do. Maybe...maybe we should forget about this Hallows business.Thank you, Ron, said Hermione. I'll take first watch.And she strode past Harry and sat down in the tent entrance bringing the action to a fierce full stop.But Harry hardly slept that night. The idea of the Deathly Hallows had taken possession of him, and he could not rest while agitating thoughts whirled through his mind: the wand, the stone, and the Cloak, if he could just possess them all...I open at the close...But what was the close? Why couldn't he have the stone now? If only he had the stone, he could ask Dumbledore these questions in person...and Harry murmured words to the Snitch in the darkness, trying everything, even Parseltongue, but the golden ball would not open...And the wand, the Elder Wand, where was that hidden? Where was Voldemort searching now? Harry wished his scar would burn and show him Voldemort's thoughts, because for the first time ever, he and Voldemort were united in wanting the very same thing...Hermione would not like that idea, of course...But then, she did not believe....Xenophilius had been right, in a way...Limited, Narrow, Close-minded. The truth was that she was scared of the idea of the Deathly Hallows, especially of the Resurrection Stone...and Harry pressed his mouth again to the Snitch, kissing it, nearly swallowing it, but the cold medal did not yield...It was nearly dawn when he remembered Luna, alone in a cell in Azkaban, surrounded by dementors, and he suddenly felt ashamed of himself. He had forgotten all about her in his feverish contemplation of the Hallows. If only they could rescue her, but dementors in those numbers would be virtually unassailable. Now he came to think about it, he had not tried casting a Patronus with the blackthorn wand...He must try that in the morning...If only there was a way of getting a better wand...And desire for the Elder Wand, the Deathstick, unbeatable, invincible, swallowed him once more...They packed up the tent next morning and moved on through a dreary shower of rain. The downpour pursued them to the coast, where they pitched the tent that night, and persisted through the whole week, through sodden landscapes that Harry found bleak and depressing. He could think only of the Deathly Hallows. It was as though a flame had been lit inside him that nothing, not Hermione's flat disbelief nor Ron's persistent doubts, could extinguish. And yet the fiercer the longing for the Hallows burned inside him, the less joyful it made him. He blamed Ron and Hermione: Their determined indifference was as bad as the relentless rain for dampening his spirits, but neither could erode his certainty, which remained absolute. Harry's belief in and longing for the Hallows consumed him so much that he felt isolated from the other two and their obsession with the Horcruxes.Obsession? said Hermione in a low fierce voice, when Harry was careless enough to use the word one evening, after Hermione had told him off for his lack of interest in locating more Horcruxes. We're not the one with an obsession, Harry! We're the ones trying to do what Dumbledore wanted us to do!But he was impervious to the veiled criticism. Dumbledore had left the sign of the Hallows for Hermione to decipher, and he had also, Harry remained convinced of it, left the Resurrection Stone hidden in the golden Snitch. Neither can live while the other survives...master of Death...Why didn't Ron and Hermione understand?'The last enemy shall be destroyed is death,' Harry quoted calmly.I thought it was You-Know-Who we were supposed to be fighting? Hermione retorted, and Harry gave up on her.Even the mystery of the silver doe, which the other two insisted on discussing, seemed less important to Harry now, a vaguely interesting sideshow. The only other thing that mattered to him was that his scar had begun to prickle again, although he did all he could to hide this fact from the other two. He sought solitude whenever it happened, but was disappointed by what he saw. The visions he and Voldemort were sharing had changed in quality	 they had become blurred, shifting as though they were moving in and out of focus. Harry was just able to make out the indistinct features of an object that looked like a skull, and something like a mountain that was more shadow than substance. Used to images sharp as reality, Harry was disconcerted by the change. He was worried that the connection between himself and Voldemort had been damaged, a connection that he both feared and, whatever he had told Hermione, prized. Somehow Harry connected these unsatisfying, vague images with the destruction of his wand, as if it was the blackthorn wand's fault that he could no longer see into Voldemort's mind as well as before.As the weeks crept on, Harry could not help but notice, even through his new self-absorption, that Ron seemed to be taking charge. Perhaps because he was determined to make up for having walked out on them, perhaps because Harry's descent into listlessness galvanized his dormant leadership qualities, Ron was the one now encouraging and exhorting the other two into action.Three Horcruxes left, he kept saying. We need a plan of action, come on! Where haven't we looked? Let's go through it again. The orphanage...Diagon Alley, Hogwarts, the Riddle House, Borgin and Burkes, Albania, every place that they knew Tom Riddle had ever lived or worked, visited or murdered, Ron and Hermione raked over them again, Harry joining in only to stop Hermione pestering him. He would have been happy to sit alone in silence, trying to read Voldemort's thoughts, to find out more about the Elder Wand, but Ron insisted on journeying to ever more unlikely places simply, Harry was aware, to keep them moving.You never know, was Ron's constant refrain. Upper Flagley is a Wizarding village, he might've wanted to live there. Let's go and have a poke around.These frequent forays into Wizarding territory brought them within occasional sight of Snatchers.Some of them are supposed to be as bad as Death Eaters, said Ron. The lot that got me were a bit pathetic, but Bill recons some of them are really dangerous. They said on Potterwatch COn what? said Harry.Potterwatch, didn't I tell you that's what it was called? The program I keep trying to get on the radio, the only one that tells the truth about what's going on! Nearly all of the programs are following You-Know-Who's line, all except Potterwatch, I really want you to hear it, but it's tricky tuning in...Ron spent evening after evening using his wand to beat out various rhythms on top of the wireless while the dials whirled. Occasionally they would catch snatches of advice on how to treat dragonpox, and once a few bars of A Cauldron Full of Hot, Strong Love. While he taped, Ron continued to try to hit on the correct password, muttering strings of random words under his breath.They're normally something to do with the Order, he told them. Bill had a real knack for guessing them. I'm bound to get one in the end...But not until March did luck favor Ron at last. Harry was sitting in the tent entrance, on guard duty, staring idly at a clump of grape hyacinths that had forced their way through the chilly ground, when Ron shouted excitedly from inside the tent. I've got it, I've got it! Password was 'Albus'! Get in here, Harry.Roused for the first time in days from his contemplation of the Deathly Hallows, Harry hurried back inside the tent to find Ron and Hermione kneeling on the floor beside the little radio. Hermione, who had been polishing the sword of Gryffindor just for something to do, was sitting open-mouthed, staring at the tiny speaker, from which a most familiar voice was issuing....apologize for our temporary absence from the airwaves, which was due to a number of house calls in our area by those charming Death Eaters.But that's Lee Jordan! said Hermione.I know! beamed Ron. Cool, eh?...now found ourselves another secure location, Lee was saying, and I'm pleased to tell you that two of our regular contributors have joined me here this evening. Evening, boys!Hi.Evening, River.'River' that's Lee, Ron explained. They've all got code names, but you can usually tell CShh! said Hermione.But before we hear from Royal and Romulus, Lee went on, let's take a moment to report those deaths that the Wizarding Wireless Network News and Daily Prophet don't think important enough to mention. It is with great regret that we inform our listeners of the murders of Ted Tonks and Dirk Cresswell.Harry felt a sick, swooping in his belly. He, Ron, and Hermione gazed at one another in horror.A goblin by the name of Gornuk was also killed. It is believed that Muggle-born Dean Thomas and a second goblin, both believed to have been traveling with Tonks, Cresswell, and Gornuk, may have escaped. If Dean is listening, or if anyone has any knowledge of his whereabouts, his parents and sisters are desperate for news.Meanwhile, in Gaddley, a Muggle family of five has been found dead in their home. Muggle authorities are attributing their deaths to a gas leak, but members of the Order of the Phoenix inform me that it was the Killing Curse C more evidence, as if it were needed, of the fact that Muggle slaughter is becoming little more than a recreational sport under the new regime.Finally, we regret to inform our listeners that the remains of Bathilda Bagshot have been discovered in Godric's Hollow. The evidence is that she died several months ago. The Order of the Phoenix informs us that her body showed unmistakable signs of injuries inflicted by Dark Magic.Listeners, I'd like to invite you now to join us in a minute's silence in memory of Ted Tonks, Dirk Cresswell, Bathilda Bagshot, Gornuk, and the unnamed, but no less regretted, Muggles murdered by the Death Eaters.Silence fell, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione did not speak. Half of Harry yearned to hear more, half of him was afraid of what might come next. It was the first time he had felt fully connected to the outside world for a long time.Thank you, said Lee's voice. And now we can return to regular contributor Royal, for an update on how the new Wizarding order is affecting the Muggle world.Thanks, River, said an unmistakable voice, deep, measured, reassuring.Kingsley! burst out Ron.We know! said Hermione, hushing him.Muggles remain ignorant of the source of their suffering as they continue to sustain heavy casualties, said Kingsley. However, we continue to hear truly inspirational stories of wizards and witches risking their own safety to protect Muggle friends and neighbors, often without the Muggles' knowledge. I'd like to appeal to all our listeners to emulate their example, perhaps by casting a protective charm over any Muggle dwellings in your street. Many lives could be saved if such simple measures are taken.And what would you say, Royal, to those listeners who reply that in these dangerous times, it should be 'Wizards first'? asked Lee.I'd say that it's one short step from 'Wizards first' to 'Purebloods first,' and then to 'Death Eaters,' replied Kingsley. We're all human, aren't we? Every human life is worth the same, and worth saving.Excellently put, Royal, and you've got my vote for Minister of Magic if we ever get out of this mess, said Lee. And now, over to Romulus for our popular feature 'Pals of Potter.'Thanks, River, said another very familiar voice. Ron started to speak, but Hermione forestalled him in a whisper.We know it's Lupin!Romulus, do you maintain, as you have every time you've appeared on our program, that Harry Potter is still alive?I do, said Lupin firmly. There is no doubt at all in my mind that his death would be proclaimed as widely as possible by the Death Eaters if it had happened, because it would strike a deadly blow at the morale of those resisting the new regime. 'The Boy Who Lived' remains a symbol of everything for which we are fighting: the triumph of good, the power of innocence, the need to keep resisting.A mixture of gratitude and shame welled up in Harry. Had Lupin forgiven him, then, for the terrible things he had said when they had last met?And what would you say to Harry if you knew he was listening, Romulus?I'd tell him we're all with him in spirit, said Lupin, then hesitated slightly, And I'd tell him to follow his instincts, which are good and nearly always right.Harry looked at Hermione, whose eyes were full of tears.Nearly always right, she repeated.Oh, didn't I tell you? said Ron in surprise. Bill told me Lupin's living with Tonks again! And apparently she's getting pretty big too......and our usual update on those friends of Harry Potter's who are suffering for their allegiance? Lee was saying.Well, as regular listeners will know, several of the more outspoken supporters of Harry Potter have now been imprisoned, including Xenophilius Lovegood, erstwhile editor of The Quibbler, said Lupin.At least he's still alive! muttered Ron.We have also heard within the last few hours that Rubeus Hagrid C all three of them gasped, and so nearly missed the rest of the sentence C well-known gamekeeper at Hogwarts School, has narrowly escaped arrest within the grounds of Hogwarts, where he is rumored to have hosted a 'Support Harry Potter' party in his house. However, Hagrid was not taken into custody, and is, we believe, on the run.I suppose it helps, when escaping from Death Eaters, if you've got a sixteen-foot-high half brother? asked Lee.It would tend to give you an edge, agreed Lupin gravely. May I just add that while we here at Potterwatch applaud Hagrid's spirit, we would urge even the most devoted of Harry's supporters against following Hagrid's lead. 'Support Harry Potter' parties are unwise in the present climate.Indeed they are, Romulus, said Lee, so we suggest that you continue to show your devotion to the man with the lightning scar by listening to Potterwatch! And now let's move to news concerning the wizard who is proving just as elusive as Harry Potter. We like to refer to him as the Chief Death Eater, and here to give his views on some of the more insane rumors circulating about him, I'd like to introduce a new correspondent. Rodent?'Rodent'? said yet another familiar voice, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione cried out together:Fred!No C is it George?It's Fred, I think, said Ron, leaning in closer, as whichever twin it was said, I'm not being 'Rodent,' no way, I told you I wanted to be 'Rapier'!Oh, all right then, 'Rapier,' could you please give us your take on the various stories we've been hearing about the Chief Death Eater?Yes, River, I can, said Fred. As our listeners will know, unless they've taken refuge at the bottom of a garden pond or somewhere similar, You-Know-Who's strategy of remaining in the shadows is creating a nice little climate of panic. Mind you, if all the alleged sightings of him are genuine, we must have a good nineteen You-Know-Whos running around the place.Which suits him, of course, said Kingsley. The air of mystery is creating more terror than actually showing himself.Agreed, said Fred. So, people, let's try and calm down a bit. Things are bad enough without inventing stuff as well. For instance, this new idea that You-Know-Who can kill people with a single glance from his eyes. That's a basilisk, listeners. One simple test: Check whether the thing that's glaring at you has got legs. If it has, it's safe to look into its eyes, although if it really is You-Know-Who, that's still likely to be the last thing you ever do.For the first time in weeks and weeks, Harry was laughing: He could feel the weight of tension leaving him.And the rumors that he keeps being sighted abroad? asked Lee.Well, who wouldn't want a nice little holiday after all the hard work he's been putting in? asked Fred. Point is, people, don't get lulled into a false sense of security, thinking he's out of the country. Maybe he is, maybe he isn't, but the fact remains he can move faster than Severus Snape confronted with shampoo when he wants to, so don't count on him being a long way away if you're planning to take any risks. I never thought I'd hear myself say it, but safety first!Thank you very much for those wise words, Rapier, said Lee. Listeners, that brings us to the end of another Potterwatch. We don't know when it will be possible to broadcast again, but you can be sure we shall be back. Keep twiddling those dials: The next password will be 'Mad-Eye.' Keep each other safe: Keep faith. Good night.The radio's dial twirled and the lights behind the tuning panel went out. Harry, Ron, and Hermione were still beaming. Hearing familiar, friendly voices was an extraordinary tonic	 Harry had become so used to their isolation he had nearly forgotten that other people were resisting Voldemort. It was like waking from a long sleep.Good, eh? said Ron happily.Brilliant, said Harry.It's so brave of them, sighed Hermione admiringly. If they were found ...Well, they keep on the move, don't they? said Ron. Like us.But did you hear what Fred said? asked Harry excitedly	 now the broadcast was over, his thoughts turned around toward his all consuming obsession. He's abroad! He's still looking for the Wand, I knew it!Harry C Come on, Hermione, why are you so determined not to admit it? Vol C HARRY, NO! C demort's after the Elder Wand!The name's Taboo! Ron bellowed, leaping to his feet as a loud crack sounded outside the tent. I told you, Harry, I told you, we can't say it anymore C we've got to put the protection back around us C quickly C it's how they find C But Ron stopped talking, and Harry knew why. The Sneakoscope on the table had lit up and begun to spin	 they could hear voices coming nearer and nearer: rough, excited voices. Ron pulled the Deluminator out of his pocket and clicked it: Their lamps went out.Come out of there with your hands up! came a rasping voice through the darkness. We know you're in there! You've got half a dozen wands pointing at you and we don't care who we curse!,185,Deathly Hallows,22					
Deathly Hallows=Harry looked around at the other two, now mere outlines in the darkness. He saw Hermione point her wand, set toward the outside, but into his face	 there was a bang, a burst of white light, and he buckled in agony, unable to see. He could feel his face swelling rapidly under his hands as heavy footfalls surrounded him.Get up, vermin.Unknown hands dragged Harry roughly off the ground, before he could stop them, someone had rummaged through his pockets and removed the blackthorn wand. Harry clutched at his excruciatingly painful face, which felt unrecognizable beneath his fingers, tight, swollen, and puffy as though he had suffered some violent allergic reaction. His eyes had been reduced to slits through which he could barely see	 his glasses fell off as he was bundled out of the tent: all he could make out were the blurred shapes of four or five people wrestling Ron and Hermione outside too.Get C off C her! Ron shouted. There was the unmistakable sound of knuckles hitting flesh: Ron grunted in pain and Hermione screamed, No! Leave him alone, leave him alone!Your boyfriend's going to have worse than that done to him if he's on my list, said the horribly familiar, rasping voice. Delicious girl... what a treat... I do enjoy the softness of the skin....Harry's stomach turned over. He knew who this was, Fenrit Greyback, the werewolf who was permitted to wear Death Eater robes in return for his hired savagery.Search the tent! said another voice.Harry was thrown face down onto the ground. A thud told him that Ron had been cast down beside him. They could hear footsteps and crashes	 the men were pushing over chairs inside the tent as they searched.Now, let's see who we've got, said Greyback's gloating voice from overhead, and Harry was rolled over onto his back. A beam of wand light fell onto his face and Greyback laughed.I'll be needing butterbeer to wash this one down. What happened to you, ugly?Harry did not answer immediately.I said, repeated Greyback, and Harry received a blow to the diaphragm that made him double over in pain. what happened to you?Stung. Harry muttered. Been Stung.Yeah, looks like it. said a second voice.What's your name? snarled Greyback.Dudley. said Harry.And your first name?I C Vernon. Vernon Dudley.Check the list, Scabior. said Greyback, and Harry head him move sideways to look down at Ron, instead. And what about you, ginger?Stan Shunpike. said Ron.Like 'ell you are. said the man called Scabior. We know Stan Shunpike, 'e's put a bit of work our way.There was another thud.I'b Bardy, said Ron, and Harry could tell that his mouth was full of blood. Bardy Weasley.A Weasley? rasped Greyback. So you're related to blood traitors even if you're not a Mudblood. And lastly, your pretty little friend... The relish in his voice made Harry's flesh crawl.Easy, Greyback. said Scabior over the jeering of the others.Oh, I'm not going to bite just yet. We'll see if she's a bit quicker at remembering her name than Barny. Who are you, girly?Penelope Clearwater. said Hermione. She sounded terrified, but convincing.What's your blood status?Half-Blood. said Hermione.Easy enough to check, said Scabior. But the 'ole lot of 'em look like they could still be 'ogwarts age C We'b lebt, said Ron.Left, 'ave you, ginger? said Scabior. And you decided to go camping? And you thought, just for a laugh, you'd use the Dark Lords name?Nod a laugh, said Ron. Aggiden.Accident? There was more jeering laughter.You know who used to like using the Dark Lord's name, Weasley? growled Greyback, The Order of the Phoenix. Mean anything to you?Doh.Well, they don't show the Dark Lord proper respect, so the name's been Tabooed. A few Order members have been tracked that way. We'll see. Bind them up with the other two prisoners!Someone yanked Harry up by the hair, dragged him a short way, pushed him down into a sitting position, then started binding him back-to-back with other people. Harry was still half blind, barely able to see anything through his puffed-up eyes. When at last the man tying then had walked away, Harry whispered to the other prisoners.Anyone still got a wand?No. Said Ron and Hermione from either side of him.This is all my fault. I said the name. I'm sorry C Harry?It was a new, but familiar voice. and it came from directly behind Harry, from the person tied to Hermione's left.Dean?It is you! If they find out who they've got -! They're Snatchers, they're only looking for truants to sell for gold C Not a bad little haul for one night. Greyback was saying, as a pair of hobnailed boots marched close by Harry and they heard more crashes from inside the tent. A Mudblood, a runaway goblin, and these truants. You checked their names on the list yet, Scabior? he roared.Yeah. There's no Vernon Dudley un 'ere, Greyback.Interesting, said Greyback. That's interesting.He crouched down beside Harry, who saw, through the infinitesimal gap left between his swollen eyelids, a face covered in matted gray hair and whiskers, with pointed brown teeth and sores in the corners of his mouth. Greyback smelled as he had done at the top of the tower where Dumbledore had died: of dirt, sweat, and blood.So you aren't wanted, then, Vernon? Or are you on that list under a different name? What house were you in at Hogwarts?Slytherin, said Harry automatically.Funny 'ow they all thinks we wants to 'ear that. leered Scabior out of the shadows. But none of 'em can tell us where the common room is.It's in the dungeons. said Harry clearly. You enter through the wall. It's full of skulls and stuff and its under the lake, so the light's all green,There was a short pause.Well, well, looks like we really 'ave caught a little Slytherin. said Scabior. Good for you, Vernon, 'cause there ain't a lot of Mudblood Slytherins. Who's your father?He works at the Ministry, Harry lied. He knew that his whole story would collapse with the smallest investigation, but on the other hand, he only had until his face regained its usual appearance before the game was up in any case. Department of Magical Accidents and Catastrophes.You know what, Greyback, said Scabior. I think there is a Dudley in there.Harry could barely breathe: Could luck, sheer luck, get them safely out of this?Well, well. said Greyback, and Harry could hear the tiniest note of trepidation in that callous voice, and knew that Greyback was wondering whether he had just indeed just attacked and bound the son of a Ministry Official. Harry's heart was pounding against the ropes around his ribs	 he would not have been surprised to know that Greyback could see it. If you're telling the truth, ugly, you've got nothing to fear from a trip to the Ministry. I expect your father'll reward us just for picking you up.But, said Harry, his mouth bone dry, if you just let us C Hey! came a shout from inside the tent. Look at this. Greyback!A dark figure came bustling toward them, and Harry saw a glint of silver to the light of their wands. They had found Gryffindor's sword.Ve-e-ery nice, said Greyback appreciatively, taking it from his companion. Oh, very nice indeed. Looks goblin-made, that. Where did you get something like this?It's my father's, Harry lied, hoping against hope that it was too dark for Greyback to see the name etched just below the hilt. We borrowed it to cut firewood C 'ang on a minute, Greyback! Look at this, in the Prophet!As Scabior said it, Harry's scar, which was stretched tight across his distended forehead, burned savagely. More clearly than he could make out anything around him, he saw a towering building, a grim fortress, jet-black and forbidding: Voldemort's thoughts had suddenly become Razor-Sharp again	 he was gliding toward the gigantic building with a sense of calmly euphoric purpose...So close... So close... With a huge effort of will Harry closed his mind to Voldemort's thoughts, pulling himself back to where he sat, tied to Ron, Hermione, Dean, and Griphook in the darkness, listening to Greyback and Scabior.'Hermione Granger, Scabior was saying, the Mudblood who is known to be traveling with 'arry Potter.Harry's scar burned in the silence, but he made a supreme effort to keep himself present, nor to slip into Voldemort's mind. He heard the creak of Greyback's boots as he crouched down, in front of Hermione.you know what, little girly? This picture looks a hell of a lot like you.It isn't! It isn't me!Hermione's terrified squeak was as good as a confession.... known to be traveling with Harry Potter, repeated Greyback quietly.A stillness had settled over the scene. Harry's scar was Exquisitely painful, but he struggled with all his strength against the pull of Voldemort's thoughts. It had never been so important to remain in his own right mind.Well, this changed things, doesn't it? whispered Greyback. Nobody spoke: Harry sensed the gang of Snatchers watching, frozen, and felt Hermione's arm trembling against his. Greyback got up and took a couple of steps to where Harry sat, crouching down again to stare closely at his misshapen features.What's that on your forehead, Vernon? he asked softly, his breath foul in Harry's nostrils as he pressed a filthy finger to the taught scar.Don't touch it! Harry yelled	 he could not stop himself, he thought he might be sick from the pain of it.I thought you wore glasses, Potter? breathed Greyback.I found glasses! yelped one of the Snatchers skulking in the background. There was glasses in the tent, Greyback, wait C And seconds later Harry's glasses had been rammed back onto his face. The Snatchers were closing in now, peering at him.It Is! rasped Greyback. We've caught Potter!They all took several steps backward, stunned by what they had done. Harry, still fighting to remain present in his own splitting head, could think of nothing to say. Fragmented visions were breaking across the surface of his mind -CHe was hiding around the high walls of the black fortressCNo, he was Harry, tied up and wandless, in grave dangerCClooking up, up to the topmost window, the highest towerCHe was Harry, and they were discussing his fate in low voicesCCTime to fly...... To the Ministry?To hell with the Ministry. growled Greyback. They'll take the credit, and we won't get a look in. I say we take him straight to You-Know-Who.Will you summon 'im? 'ere? said Scabior, sounding awed, terrified.No, snarled Greyback, I haven't got C they say he's using the Malfoy's place as a base. We'll take the boy there.Harry thought he knew why Greyback was not calling Voldemort. The werewolf might be allowed to wear Death Eater robes when they wanted to use him, but only Voldemort's inner circle were branded with the Dark Mark: Greyback had not been granted this highest honor.Harry's scar seared again CC and he rose into the night, flying straight up to the windows at the very top of the tower C... completely sure it's him? 'Cause if it ain't, Greyback, we're dead.Who's in charge here? roared Greyback, covering his moment of inadequacy. I say that's Potter, and him plus his wand, that's two hundred thousand Galleons right there! But if you're too gutless to come along, any of you, it's all for me, and with any luck, I'll get the girl thrown in!C The window was the merest slit in the black rock, not big enough for a man to enter.... A skeletal figure was just visible through it, curled beneath a blanket.... Dead, or sleeping...?All right! said Scabior. All right, we're in! And what about the rest of 'em, Greyback, what'll we do with 'em?Might as well take the lot. We've got two Mudbloods, that's another ten Galleons. Give me the sword as well. If they're rubies, that's another small fortune right there.The prisoners were dragged to their feet. Harry could hear Hermione's breathing, fast and terrified.Grab hold and make it tight. I'll do Potter! said Greyback, seizing a fistful of Harry's hair	 Harry could feel his long yellow nails scratching his scalp. On three! One C two C three C They Disapparated, pulling the prisoners with them. Harry struggled, trying to throw off Greyback's hand, but it was hopeless: Ron and Hermione were squeezed tightly against him on either side	 he could not separate from the group, and as the breath was squeezed out of him his scar seared more painfully still CC as he forced himself through the slit of a window like a snake and landed, lightly as vapor inside the cell-like room CThe prisoners lurched into one another as they landed in a country lane. Harry's eyes, still puffy, took a moment to acclimatize, then he saw a pair of wrought-iron gates at the foot of what looked like a long drive. He experienced the tiniest trickle of relief. The worst had not happened yet: Voldemort was not here. He was, Harry knew, for he was fighting to resist the vision, in some strange, fortresslike place, at the top of a tower. How long it would take Voldemort to get to this place, once he knew that Harry was here, was another matter....One of the Snatchers strode to the gates and shook them.How do we get in? They're locked, Greyback, I can't C blimey!He whipped his hands away in fright. The iron was contorting, twisting itself out of the abstract furls and coils into a frightening face, which spoke in a clanging, echoing voice. State your purpose!We've got Potter! Greyback roared triumphantly. We've captured Harry Potter!The gates swung open.Come on! said Greyback to his men, and the prisoners were shunted through the gates and up the drive, between high hedges that muffled their footsteps. Harry saw a ghostly white shape above him, and realized it was an albino peacock. He stumbled and was dragged onto his feet by Greyback	 now he was staggering along sideways, tied back-to-back to the four other prisoner. Closing his puffy eyes, he allowed the pain in his scar to overcome him for a moment, wanting to know what Voldemort was doing, whether he knew yet that Harry was caught....The emaciated figure stirred beneath its thin blanket and rolled over toward him, eyes opening in a skull of a face.... The frail man sat up, great sunken eyes fixed upon him, upon Voldemort, and then he smiled. Most of his teeth were gone....So, you have come. I thought you would... one day. But your journey was pointless. I never had it.You lie!As Voldemort's anger throbbed inside him, Harry's scar threatened to burst with pain, and he wrenched his mind back to his own body, fighting to remain present as the prisoners were pushed over gravel.Light spilled out over all of them.What is this? said a woman's cold voice.We're here to see He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named! rasped Greyback.Who are you?You know me! There was resentment in the werewolf's voice. Fenrit Greyback! We've caught Harry Potter!Greyback seized Harry and dragged him around to face the light, forcing the other prisoners to shuffle around too.I know 'es swollen, ma'am, but it's 'im! piped up Scabior. If you look a bit closer, you'll see 'is scar. And this 'ere, see the girl? The Mudblood who's been traveling around with 'im, ma'am. There's no doubt it's 'im, and we've got 'is wand as well! 'Ere, ma'am C Through his puffy eyelids Harry saw Narcissa Malfoy scrutinizing his swollen face. Scabior thrust the blackthorn wand at her. She raised her eyebrows.Bring them in, she said.Harry and the others were shoved and kicked up broad stone steps into a hallway lined with portraits.Follow me, said Narcissa, leading the way across the hall. My son, Draco, is home for his Easter holidays. If that is Harry Potter, he will know.The drawing room dazzled after the darkness outside	 even with his eyes almost closed Harry could make out the wide proportions of the room. A crystal chandelier hung from the ceiling, more portraits against the dark purple walls. Two figures rose from chairs in front of an ornate marble fireplace as the prisoners were forced into the room by the Snatchers.What is this?The dreadfully familiar, drawling voice of Lucius Malfoy fell on Harry's ears. He was panicking now. He could see no way out, and it was easier, as his fear mounted, to block out Voldemort's thoughts, though his scar was still burning.They say they've got Potter, said Narcissa's cold voice. Draco, come here.Harry did not dare look directly at Draco, but saw him obliquely	 a figure slightly taller than he was, rising from an armchair, his face a pale and pointed blur beneath white-blond hair.Greyback forced the prisoners to turn again so as to place Harry directly beneath the chandelier.Well, boy? rasped the werewolf.Harry was facing a mirror over the fireplace, a great gilded thing in an intricately scrolled frame. Through the slits of his eyes he saw his own reflection for the first time since leaving Grimmauld Place.His face was huge, shiny, and pink, every feature distorted by Hermione's jinx. His black hair reached his shoulders and there was a dark shadow around his jaw. Had he not known that it was he who stood there, he would have wondered who was wearing his glasses. He resolved not to speak, for his voice was sure to give him away	 yet he still avoided eye contact with Draco as the latter approached.Well, Draco? said Lucius Malfoy. He sounded avid. Is it? Is it Harry Potter?I can't C I can't be sure, said Draco. He was keeping his distance from Greyback, and seemed as scared of looking at Harry as Harry was of looking at him.But look at him carefully, look! Come closer!Harry had never heard Lucius Malfoy so excited.Draco, if we are the ones who hand Potter over to the Dark Lord, everything will be forgiv C Now, we won't be forgetting who actually caught him, I hope Mr. Malfoy? said Greyback menacingly.Of course not, of course not! said Lucius impatiently. He approached Harry himself, came so close that Harry could see the usually languid, pale face in sharp detail even through his swollen eyes. With his face a puffy mask, Harry felt as though he was peering out from between the bars of a cage.What did you do to him? Lucius asked Greyback. How did he get into this state?That wasn't us.Looks more like a Stinging Jinx to me, said Lucius.His gray eyes raked Harry's forehead.There's something there, he whispered. it could be the scar, stretched tight.... Draco, come here, look properly! What do you think?Harry saw Draco's face up close now, right beside his father's. They were extraordinarily alike, except that while his father looked beside himself with excitement, Draco's expression was full of reluctance, even fear.I don't know, he said, and he walked away toward the fireplace where his mother stood watching.We had better be certain, Lucius, Narcissa called to her husband in her cold, clear voice. Completely sure that it is Potter, before we summon the Dark Lord... They say this is his C she was looking closely at the blackthorn wand C but it does not resemble Ollivander's description.... If we are mistaken, if we call the Dark Lord here for nothing... Remember what he did to Rowle and Dolohov?What about the Mudblood, then? growled Greyback. Harry was nearly thrown off his feet as the Snatchers forced the prisoners to swivel around again, so that the light fell on Hermione instead.Wait, said Narcissa sharply. Yes C yes, she was in Madam Malkin's with Potter! I saw her picture in the Prophet! Look, Draco, isn't it the Granger girl?I... maybe... yeah.But then, that's the Weasley boy! shouted Lucius, striding around the bound prisoners to face Ron. It's them, Potter's friends C Draco, look at him, isn't it Arthur Weasley's son, what's his name C?Yeah, said Draco again, his back to the prisoners. It could be.The drawing room door opened behind Harry. A woman spoke, and the sound of the voice wound Harry's fear to an even higher pitch.What is this? What's happened, Cissy?Bellatrix Lestrange walked slowly around the prisoners, and stopped on Harry's right, staring at Hermione through her heavily lidded eyes, But surely, she said quietly, this is the Mudblood girl? This is Grander?Yes, yes, it's Granger! cried Lucius, And beside her, we think, Potter! Potter and his friends, caught at last!Potter? shrieked Bellatrix, and she backed away, the better to take in Harry.Are you sure? Well then, the Dark Lord must be informed at once!She dragged back her left sleeve: Harry saw the Dark Mark burned into the flesh of her arm, and knew that she was about to touch it, to summon her beloved masterCI was about to call him! said Lucius, and his hand actually closed upon Bellatrix's wrist, preventing her from touching the Mark. I shall summon him, Bella. Potter has been brought to my house, and it is therefore upon my authority C Your authority! she sneered, attempting to wrench her hand from his grasp. You lost your authority when you lost your wand, Lucius! How dare you! Take your hands off me!This is nothing to do with you, you did not capture the boy C Begging your pardon, Mr. Malfoy, interjected Greyback, but it's us that caught Potter, and it's us that'll be claiming the gold C Gold! laughed Bellatrix, still attempting to throw off her brother-in-law, her free hand groping in her pocket for her wand. Take your gold, filthy scavenger, what do I want with gold? I seek only the honor of his C of C She stopped struggling, her dark eyes fixed upon something Harry could not see. Jubilant at her capitulation, Lucius threw her hand from him and ripped up his own sleeve CSTOP! shrieked Bellatrix, Do not touch it, we shall all perish if the Dark Lord comes now!Lucius froze, his index finger hovering over his own Mark. Bellatrix strode out of Harry's limited line of vision.What is that? he heard her say.Sword, grunted an out-of-sight Snatcher.Give it to me.It's not yours, missus, it's mine, I reckon I found it.There was a bang and a flash of red light	 Harry knew that the Snatcher had been Stunned. There was a roar of anger from his fellows: Scabior drew his wand.What d'you think you're playing at, woman?Stupefy! she screamed, Stupefy!They were no match for her, even thought there were four of them against one of her: She was a witch, as Harry knew, with prodigious skill and no conscience. They fell where they stood, all except Greyback, who had been forced into a kneeling position, his arms outstretched. Out of the corners of his eyes Harry saw Bellatrix bearing down upon the werewolf, the sword of Gryffindor gripped tightly in her hand, her face waxen.Where did you get this sword? she whispered to Greyback as she pulled his wand out of his unresisting grip.How dare you? he snarled, his mouth the only thing that could move as he was forced to gaze up at her. He bared his pointed teeth. Release me, woman!Where did you find this sword? she repeated, brandishing it in his face, Snape sent it to my vault in Gringotts!It was in their tent, rasped Greyback. Release me, I say!She waved her wand, and the werewolf sprang to his feet, but appeared too wary to approach her. He prowled behind an armchair, his filthy curved nails clutching its back.Draco, move this scum outside, said Bellatrix, indicating the unconscious men. If you haven't got the guts to finish them, then leave them in the courtyard for me.Don't you dare speak to Draco like C  said Narcissa furiously, but Bellatrix screamed.Be quiet! The situation is graver than you can possibly imagine, Cissy! We have a very serious problem!She stood, panting slightly, looking down at the sword, examining its hilt. Then she turned to look at the silent prisoners.If it is indeed Potter, he must not be harmed, she muttered, more to herself than to the others. The Dark Lord wishes to dispose of Potter himself.... But if he finds out... I must... I must know....She turned back to her sister again.The prisoners must be placed in the cellar, while I think what to do!This is my house, Bella, you don't give orders in my C Do it! You have no idea of the danger we're in! shrieked Bellatrix. She looked frightening, mad
Deathly Hallows=It was like sinking into an old nightmare	 for an instant Harry knelt again beside Dumbledore's body at the foot of the tallest tower at Hogwarts, but in reality he was staring at a tiny body curled upon the grass, pierced by Bellatrix's silver knife. Harry's voice was still saying, Dobby...Dobby... even though he knew that the elf had gone where he could not call him back.After a minute or so he realized that they had, after all, come to the right place, for here were Bill and Fleur, Dean and Luna, gathering around him as he knelt over the elf. Hermione, he said suddenly. Where is she?Ron's taken her inside, said Bill. She'll be all right. Harry looked back down at Dobby. He stretched out a hand and pulled the sharp blade from the elf's body, then dragged off his own jacket and covered Dobby in it like a blanket.The sea was rushing against the rock somewhere nearby	 Harry listened to it while the others talked, discussing matters in which he could take no interest, making decisions, Dean carried the injured Griphook into the house, Fleur hurrying with them	 now Bill was really knowing what he was saying. As he did so, he gazed down at the tiny body, and his scar prickled and burned, and in one part of his mind, viewed as if from the wrong end of a long telescope, he saw Voldemort punishing those they had left behind at the Malfoy Manor. His rage was dreadful and yet Harry's grief for Dobby seemed to diminish it, so that it became a distant storm that reached Harry from across a vast, silent ocean.I want to do it properly, were the first words of which Harry was fully conscious of speaking. Not by magic. Have you got a spade? And shortly afterward he had set to work, alone, digging the grave in the place that Bill had shown him at the end of the garden, between bushes. He dug with a kind of fury, relishing the manual work, glorying in the non-magic of it, for every drop of his sweat and every blister felt like a gift to the elf who had saved their lives.His scar burned, but he was master of the pain, he felt it, yet was apart from it. He had learned control at last, learned to shut his mind to Voldemort, the very thing Dumbledore had wanted him to learn from Snape. Just as Voldemort had not been able to possess Harry while Harry was consumed with grief for Sirius, so his thoughts could not penetrate Harry now while he mourned Dobby. Grief, it seemed, drove Voldemort out...though Dumbledore, of course, would have said that it was love.On Harry dug, deeper and deeper into the hard, cold earth, subsuming his grief in sweat, denying the pain in his scar. In the darkness, with nothing but the sound of his own breath and the rushing sea to keep him company, the things that had happened at the Malfoys' returned to him, the things he had heard came back to him, and understanding blossomed in the darkness...The steady rhythm of his arms beat time with his thoughts. Hallows...Horcruxes...Hallows...Horcruxes...yet no longer burned with that weird, obsessive longing. Loss and fear had snuffed it out. He felt as though he had been slapped awake again.Deeper and deeper Harry sank into the grave, and he knew where Voldemort had been tonight, and whom he had killed in the topmost cell of Nurmengard, and why...And he thought of Wormtail, dead because of one small unconscious impulse of mercy...Dumbledore had foreseen that...How much more had he known?Harry lost track of time. He knew only that the darkness had lightened a few degrees when he was rejoined by Ron and Dean. How's Hermione?Better, said Ron. Fleur's looking after her. Harry had his retort ready for when they asked him why he had not simply created a perfect grave with his wand, but he did not need it. They jumped down into the hole he had made with spades of their own and together they worked in silence until the hole seemed deep enough.Harry wrapped the elf more snuggly in his jacket. Ron sat on the edge of the grave and stripped off his shoes and socks, which he placed on the elf's bare feet. Dean produced a woolen hat, which Harry placed carefully upon Dobby's head, muffling his batlike ears. We should close his eyes.Harry had not heard the others coming through the darkness. Bill was wearing a traveling cloak, Fleur a large white apron, from the pocket of which protruded a bottle of what Harry recognized to be Skele-Gro. Hermione was wrapped in a borrowed dressing gown, pale and unsteady on her feet	 Ron put an arm around her when she reached him. Luna, who was huddled in one of Fleur's coats, crouched down and placed her fingers tenderly upon each of the elf's eyelids, sliding them over his glassy stare. There, she said softly. Now he could be sleeping.Harry placed the elf into the grave, arranged his tiny limbs so that he might have been resting, then climbed out and gazed for the last time upon the little body. He forced himself not to break down as he remembered Dumbledore's funeral, and the rows and rows of golden chairs, and the Minister of Magic in the front row, the recitation of Dumbledore's achievements, the stateliness of the white marble tomb. He felt that Dobby deserved just as grand a funeral, and yet here the elf lay between bushes in a roughly dug hole. I think we ought to say something, piped up Luna. I'll go first, shall I?And as everybody looked at her, she addressed the dead elf at the bottom of the grave. Thank you so much Dobby for rescuing me from that cellar. It's so unfair that you had to die when you were so good and brave. I'll always remember what you did for us. I hope you're happy now.She turned and looked expectingly at Ron, who cleared his throat and said in a thick voice, yeah...thanks Dobby.Thanks, muttered Dean. Harry swallowed. Good bye Dobby, he said It was all he could manage, but Luna had said it all for him. Bill raised his wand, and the pile of earth beside the grave rose up into the air and fell neatly upon it, a small, reddish mound. D'ya mind if I stay here a moment? He asked the others.They murmured words he did not catch	 he felt gentle pats upon his back, and then they all traipsed back toward the cottage, leaving Harry alone beside the elf.He looked around: There were a number of large white stones, smoothed by the sea, marking the edge of the flower beds. He picked up one of the largest and laid it, pillowlike, over the place where Dobby's head now rested. He then felt in his pocket for a wand. There were two in there. He had forgotten, lost track	 he could not now remember whose wands these were	 he seemed to remember wrenching them out of someone's hand. He selected the shorter of the two, which felt friendlier in his hand, and pointed it at the rock.Slowly, under his murmured instruction, deep cuts appeared upon the rock's surface. He knew that Hermione could have done it more neatly, and probably more quickly, but he wanted to mark the spot as he had wanted to dig the grave. When Harry stood up again, the stone read: HERE LIES DOBBY, A FREE ELF.He looked at his handiwork for a few more seconds, then walked away, his scar still prickling a little, and his mind full of those things that had come to him in the grave, ideas that had taken shape in the darkness, ideas both fascinating and terrible.They were all sitting in the living room when he entered the little hall, their attention focused upon Bill, who was talking. The room was light-colored, pretty, with a small fire of driftwood burning brightly in the fireplace. Harry did not want to drop mud upon the carpet, so he stood in the doorway, listening....lucky that Ginny's on holiday. If she'd been at Hogwarts they could have taken her before we reached her. Now we know she's safe too. He looked around and saw Harry standing there. I've been getting them all out of the Burrow, he explained. Moved them to Muriel's. The Death Eaters know Ron's with you now, they're bound to target the family C don't apologize, he added at the sight of Harry's expression. It was always a matter of time, Dad's been saying so for months. We're the biggest blood traitor family there is.How are they protected? asked Harry. Fidelius Charm. Dad's Secret-Keeper. And we've done it on this cottage too	 I'm Secret-Keeper here. None of us can go to work, but that's hardly the most important thing now. Once Ollivander and Griphook are well enough, we'll move them to Muriel's too. There isn't much room here, but she's got plenty. Griphook's legs are on the mend. Fleur's given him Skele-Growe could probably move them in an hour or C No, Harry said and Bill looked startled. I need both of them here. I need to talk to them. It's important. He heard the authority of his own voice, the conviction, the voice of purpose that had come to him as he dug Dobby's grave. All of their faces were turned toward him looking puzzled.I'm going to wash, Harry told Bill looking down at his hands still covered with mud and Dobby's blood. Then I'll need to see them, straight away. He walked into the little kitchen, to the basin beneath a window overlooking the sea. Dawn was breaking over the horizon, shell pink and faintly gold, as he washed, again following the train of thought that had come to him in the dark garden...Dobby would never be able to tell them who had sent him to the cellar, but Harry knew what he had seen. A piercing blue eye had looked out of the mirror fragment, and then help had come. Help will always be given at Hogwarts to those who ask for it.Harry dried his hands, impervious to the beauty of the scene outside the window and to the murmuring of the others in the sitting room. He looked out over the ocean and felt closer, this dawn, than ever before, closer to the heart of it all.And still his scar prickled, and he knew that Voldemort was getting there too. Harry understood and yet did not understand. His instinct was telling him one thing, his brain quite another. The Dumbledore in Harry's head smiled, surveying Harry over the tips of his fingers, pressed together as if in prayer.You gave Ron the Deluminator...You understood him...You gave him a way back...And you understood Wormtail too...You knew there was a bit of regret there, somewhere...And if you knew them...What did you know about me, Dumbledore?Am I meant to know but not to seek? Did you know how hard I'd feel that? Is that why you made it this difficult? So I'd have time to work that out?Harry stood quite still, eyes glazed, watching the place where a bright gold ray of dazzling sun was rising over the horizon. Then he looked down at his clean hands and was momentarily surprised to see the cloth he was holding in them. He set it down and returned to the hall, and as he did so, he felt his scar pulse angrily, and then flashed across his mind, swift as the reflection of a dragonfly over water, the outline of a building he knew extremely well.Bill and Fleur were standing at the foot of the stairs.I need to speak to Griphook and Ollivander, Harry said.No, said Fleur. You will 'ave to wait, 'Arry. Zey are both too tired C I'm sorry, he said without heat, but it can't wait. I need to talk to them now. Privately C and separately. It's urgent.Harry, what the hell's going on? asked Bill. You turn up here with a dead house-elf and a half-conscious goblin, Hermione looks as though she's been tortured, and Ron's just refused to tell me anything C We can't tell you what we're doing, said Harry flatly. You're in the Order, Bill, you know Dumbledore left us a mission. We're not supposed to talk about it to anyone else.Fleur made an impatient noise, but Bill did not look at her	 he was staring at Harry. His deeply scarred face was hard to read. Finally, Bill said, All right. Who do you want to talk to first?Harry hesitated. He knew what hung on his decision. There was hardly any time left	 now was the moment to decide: Horcruxes or Hallows?Griphook, Harry said. I'll speak to Griphook first.His heart was racing as if he had been sprinting and had just cleared an enormous obstacle.Up here, then, said Bill, leading the way.Harry had walked up several steps before stopping and looking back.I need you two as well! he called to Ron and Hermione, who had been skulking, half concealed, in the doorway of the sitting room.They both moved into the light, looking oddly relieved.How are you? Harry asked Hermione. You were amazing C coming up with that story when she was hurting you like that C Hermione gave a weak smile as Ron gave her a one-armed squeeze.What are we doing now, Harry? he asked.You'll see. Come on.Harry, Ron, and Hermione followed Bill up the steep stairs onto a small landing. Three doors led off it.In here, said Bill, opening the door into his and Fleur's room, it too had a view of the sea, now flecked with gold in the sunrise. Harry moved to the window, turned his back on the spectacular view, and waited, his arms folded, his scar prickling. Hermione took the chair beside the dressing table	 Ron sat on the arm.Bill reappeared, carrying the little goblin, whom he set down carefully upon the bed. Griphook grunted thanks, and Bill left, closing the door upon them all.I'm sorry to take you out of bed, said Harry. How are your legs?Painful, replied the goblin. But mending.He was still clutching the sword of Gryffindor, and wore a strange look: half truculent, half intrigued. Harry noted the goblin's sallow skin, his long thin fingers, his black eyes. Fleur had removed his shoes: His long feet were dirty. He was larger than a house-elf, but not by much. His domed head was much bigger than a human's.You probably don't remember C  Harry began. C that I was the goblin who showed you to your vault, the first time you ever visited Gringotts? said Griphook. I remember, Harry Potter. Even amongst goblins, you are very famous.Harry and the goblin looked at each other, sizing each other up. Harry's scar was still prickling. He wanted to get through this interview with Griphook quickly, and at the same time was afraid of making a false move. While he tried to decide on the best way to approach his request, the goblin broke the silence.You buried the elf, he said, sounding unexpectedly rancorous. I watched you from the window of the bedroom next door.Yes, said Harry.Griphook looked at him out of the corners of his slanting black eyes.You are an unusual wizard, Harry Potter.In what way? asked Harry, rubbing his scar absently.You dug the grave.So?Griphook did not answer. Harry rather thought he was being sneered at for acting like a Muggle, but it did not matter to him whether Griphook approved of Dobby's grave or not. He gathered himself for the attack.Griphook, I need to ask C You also rescued a goblin.What?You brought me here. Saved me.Well, I take it you're not sorry? said Harry a little impatiently.No, Harry Potter, said Griphook, and with one finger he twisted the thin black beard upon his chin, but you are a very odd wizard.Right, said Harry. Well, I need some help, Griphook, and you can give it to me.The goblin made no sign of encouragement, but continued to frown at Harry as though he had never seen anything like him.I need to break into a Gringotts vault.Harry had not meant to say it so badly: the words were forced from him as pain shot through his lightning scar and he saw, again, the outline of Hogwarts. He closed his mind firmly. He needed to deal with Griphook first. Ron and Hermione were staring at Harry as though he had gone mad.Harry C  said Hermione, but she was cut off by Griphook.Break into a Gringotts vault? repeated the goblin, wincing a little as he shifted his position upon the bed. It is impossible.No, it isn't, Ron contradicted him. It's been done.Yeah, said Harry. The same day I first met you, Griphook. My birthday, seven years ago.The vault in question was empty at the time, snapped the goblin, and Harry understood that even though Griphook had let Gringotts, he was offended at the idea of its defenses being breached. Its protection was minimal.Well, the vault we need to get into isn't empty, and I'm guessing its protection will be pretty powerful, said Harry. It belongs to the Lestranges.He saw Hermione and Ron look at each other, astonished, but there would be time enough to explain after Griphook had given his answer.You have no chance, said Griphook flatly. No chance at all. If you seek beneath our floors, a treasure that was never yours C Thief, you have been warned, beware C yeah, I know, I remember, said Harry. But I'm not trying to get myself any treasure, I'm not trying to take anything for personal gain. Can you believe that?The goblin looked slantwise at Harry, and the lightning scar on Harry's forehead prickled, but he ignored it, refusing to acknowledge its pain or its invitation.If there was a wizard of whom I would believe that they did not seek personal gain, said Griphook finally, it would be you, Harry Potter. Goblins and elves are not used to the protection or the respect that you have shown this night. Not from wand-carriers.Wand-carriers, repeated Harry: The phrase fell oddly upon his ears as his scar prickled, as Voldemort turned his thoughts northward, and as Harry burned to question Ollivander next door.The right to carry a wand, said the goblin quietly, has long been contested between wizards and goblins.Well, goblins can do magic without wands, said Ron.That is immaterial! Wizards refuse to share the secrets of wand-lore with other magical beings, they deny us the possibility of extending our powers!Well, goblins won't share any of their magic either, said Ron. You won't tell us how to make swords and armor the way you do. Goblins know how to work metal in a way wizards have never C It doesn't matter, said Harry, noting Griphook's rising color. This isn't about wizards versus goblins or any other sort of magical creature C Griphook gave a nasty laugh.But it is, it is precisely that! As the Dark Lord becomes ever more powerful, your race is set still more firmly above mine! Gringotts falls under Wizarding rule, house-elves are slaughtered, and who amongst the wand-carriers protests?We do! said Hermione. She had sat up straight, her eyes bright. We protest! And I'm hunted quite as much as any goblin or elf, Griphook! I'm a Mudblood!Don't call yourself C  Ron muttered.Why shouldn't I? said Hermione. Mudblood, and proud of it! I've got no higher position under this new order than you have, Griphook! It was me they chose to torture, back at the Malfoys!As she spoke, she pulled aside the neck of the dressing gown to reveal the thin cut Bellatrix had made, scarlet against her throat.Did you know that it was Harry who set Dobby free? she asked. Did you know that we've wanted elves to be freed for years? (Ron fidgeted uncomfortably on the arm of Hermione's chair.) You can't want You-Know-Who defeated more than we do, Griphook!The goblin gazed at Hermione with the same curiousity he had shown Harry.What do you seek within the Lestranges' vault? he asked abruptly. The sword that lies inside it is a fake. This is the real one. He looked from one to the other of them. I think that you already know this. You asked me to lie for you back there.But the fake sword isn't the only thing in that vault, is it? asked Harry. Perhaps you've seen other things in there?His heart was pounding harder than ever. He redoubled his efforts to ignore the pulsing of his scar.The goblin twisted his beard around his finger again.It is against our code to speak of the secrets of Gringotts. We are the guardians of fabulous treasures. We have a duty to the objects placed in our care, which were, so often, wrought by our fingers.The goblin stroked the sword, and his black eyes roved from Harry to Hermione to Ron and then back again.So young, he said finally, to be fighting so many.Will you help us? said Harry. We haven't got a hope of breaking in without a goblin's help. You're our one chance.I shall... think about it, said Griphook maddeningly.But C  Ron started angrily	 Hermione nudged him in the ribs.Thank you, said Harry.The goblin bowed his great domed head in acknowledgement, then flexed his short legs.I think, he said, settling himself ostentatiously upon Bill and Fleur's bed, that the Skele-Gro has finished its work. I may be able to sleep at last. Forgive me....Yeah, of course, said Harry, but before leaving the room he leaned forward and took the sword of Gryffindor from beside the goblin. Griphook did not protest, but Harry thought he saw resentment in the goblin's eyes as he closed the door upon him.Little git, whispered Ron. He's enjoying keeping us hanging.Harry, whispered Hermione, pulling them both away from the door, into the middle of the still-dark landing, are you saying what I think you're saying? Are you saying there's a Horcrux in the Lestranges vault?Yes, said Harry. Bellatrix was terrified when she thought we'd been in there, she was beside herself. Why? What did she think we'd seen, what else did she think we might have taken? Something she was petrified You-Know-Who would find out about.But I thought we were looking for places You-Know-Who's been, places he's done something important? said Ron, looking baffled. Was he ever inside the Lestranges' vault?I don't know whether he was ever inside Gringotts, said Harry. He never had gold there when he was younger, because nobody left him anything. He would have seen the bank from the outside, though, the first time he ever went to Diagon Alley.Harry's scar throbbed, but he ignored it	 he wanted Ron and Hermione to understand about Gringotts before they spoke to Ollivander.I think he would have envied anyone who had a key to a Gringotts vault. I think he'd have seen it as a real symbol of belonging to the Wizarding world. And don't forget, he trusted Bellatrix and her husband. They were his most devoted servants before he fell, and they went looking for him after he vanished. He said it might he came back, I heard him.Harry rubbed his scar.I don't think he'd have told Bellatrix it was a Horcrux, though. He never told Lucius Malfoy the truth about the diary. He probably told her it was a treasured possession and asked her to place it in her vault. The safest place in the world for anything you want to hide, Hagrid told me... except for Hogwarts.When Harry had finished speaking, Ron shook his head.You really understand him.Bits of him, said Harry. Bits... I just wish I'd understood Dumbledore as much. But we'll see. Come on C Ollivander now.Ron and Hermione looked bewildered but very impressed as they followed him across the little landing and knocked upon the door opposite Bill and Fleur's. A weak Come in! answered them.The wandmaker was lying on the twin bed farthest from the window. He had been held in the cellar for more than a year, and tortured, Harry knew, on at least one occasion. He was emaciated, the bones of his face sticking out sharply against the yellowish skin. His great silver eyes seemed vast in their sunken sockets. The hands that lay upon the blanket could have belonged to a skeleton. Harry sat down on the empty bed, beside Ron and Hermione. The rising sun was not visible here. The room faced the cliff-top garden and the freshly dug grave.Mr. Ollivander, I'm sorry to disturb you, Harry said.My dear boy, Ollivander's voice was feeble. You rescued us, I thought we would die in that place, I can never thank you... never thank you... enough.We were glad to do it.Harry's scar throbbed. He knew, he was certain, that there was hardly any time left in which to beat Voldemort to his goal, or else to attempt to thwart him. He felt a flutter of panic... yet he had made his decision when he chose to speak to Griphook first. Feigning a calm he did not feel, he groped in the pouch around his neck and took out the two halves of his broken wand.Mr. Ollivander, I need some help.Anything. Anything. Said the wandmaker weakly.Can you mend this? Is it possible?Ollivander held out a trembling hand, and Harry placed the two barely connected halves in his palm.Holly and phoenix feather, said Ollivander in a tremulous voice. Eleven inches. Nice and supple.Yes, said Harry. Can you C?No, whispered Ollivander. I am sorry, very sorry, but a wand that has suffered this degree of damage cannot be repaired by any means that I know of.Harry had been braced to hear it, but it was a blow nevertheless. He took the wand halves back and replaced them in the pouch around his neck. Ollivander stared at the place where the shattered wand had vanished, and did not look away until Harry had taken from his pocket the two wands he had brought from the Malfoys'.Can you identify these? Harry asked.The wandmaker took the first of the wands and held it close to his faded eyes, rolling it between his knobble-knuckled fingers, flexing it slightly.Walnut and dragon heartstring, he said. Twelve-and-three-quarter inches. Unyielding. This wand belonged to Bellatrix Lestrange.And this one?Ollivander performed the same examination.Hawthorn and unicorn hair. Ten inches precisely. Reasonably springy. This was the wand of Draco Malfoy.Was? repeated Harry. Isn't it still his?Perhaps not. If you took it C  C I did C  C then it may be yours. Of course, the manner of taking matters. Much also depends upon the wand itself. In general, however, where a wand has been won, its allegiance will change.There was a silence in the room, except for the distant rushing of the sea.You talk about wands like they've got feelings, said Harry, like they can think for themselves.The wand chooses the wizard, said Ollivander. That much has always been clear to those of us who have studied wandlore.A person can still use a wand that hasn't chosen them, though? asked Harry.Oh yes, if you are any wizard at all you will be able to channel your magic through almost any instrument. The best results, however, must always come where there is the strongest affinity between wizard and wand. These connections are complex. An initial attraction, and then a mutual quest for experience, the wand learning from the wizard, the wizard from the wand.The sea gushed forward and backward
Deathly Hallows=Bill and Fleur's cottage stood alone on a cliff overlooking the sea, its walls embedded with shells and whitewashed. It was a lonely and beautiful place. Wherever Harry went inside the tiny cottage or its garden, he could hear the constant ebb and flow of the sea, like the breathing of some great, slumbering creature. He spent much of the next few days making excuses to escape the crowded cottage, craving the cliff-top view of open sky and wide, empty sea, and the feel of cold, salty wind on his face. The enormity of his decision not to race Voldemort to the wand still scared Harry. He could not remember, ever before, choosing /not/ to act. He was full of doubts, doubts that Ron could not help voicing whenever they were together.What if Dumbledore wanted us to work out the symbol in time to get the wand?What if working out what the symbol meant made you 'worthy' to get the Hallows?Harry, if that really is the Elder Wand, how the hell are we supposed to finish off You-Know-Who?Harry had no answers: There were moments when he wondered whether it had been outright madness not to try to prevent Voldemort breaking open the tomb. He could not even explain satisfactorily why he had decided against it: Every time he tried to reconstruct the internal arguments that had led to his decision, they sounded feebler to him.The odd thing was that Hermione's support made him feel just as confused as Ron's doubts. Now forced to accept that the Elder Wand was real, she maintained that it was an evil object, and that the way Voldemort had taken possession of it was repellent, not to be considered.You could never have done that, Harry, she said again and again. You couldn't have broken into Dumbledore's grave.But the idea of Dumbledore's corpse frightened Harry much less than the possibility that he might have misunderstood the living Dumbledore's intentions. He felt that he was still groping in the dark	 he had chosen his path but kept looking back, wondering whether he had misread the signs, whether he should not have taken the other way. From time to time, anger at Dumbledore crashed over him again, powerful as the waves slamming themselves against the cliff beneath the cottage, anger that Dumbledore had not explained before he died.But /is/ he dead? said Ron, three days after they had arrived at the cottage. Harry had been staring out over the wall that separated the cottage garden from the cliff when Ron and Hermione had found him	 he wished they had not, having no wish to join in with their argument.Yes, he is. Ron, please, don't start that again!Look at the facts, Hermione, said Ron, speaking across Harry, who continued to gaze at the horizon. The solve doe. The sword. The eye Harry saw in the mirror CHarry admits he could have imagined the eye! Don't you, Harry?I could have, said Harry without looking at her.But you don't thing you did, do you? asked Ron.No, I don't, said Harry.There you go! said Ron quickly, before Hermione could carry on. If it wasn't Dumbledore, explain how Dobby knew we were in the cellar, Hermione?I can't C but can you explain how Dumbledore sent him to us if he's lying in a tomb at Hogwarts?I dunno, it could've been his ghost!Dumbledore wouldn't come back as a ghost, said Harry. There was little about Dumbledore he was sure of now, but he knew that much. He would have gone on.What d'you mean, 'gone on'? asked Ron, but before Harry could say any more, a voice behind them said, 'Arry?Fleur had come out of the cottage, her long silver hair flying in the breeze.'Arry, Grip'ook would like to speak to you. 'E eez in ze smallest bedroom, 'e says 'e does not want to be over'eard.Her dislike of the goblin sending her to deliver messages was clear	 she looked irritable as she walked back around the house.Griphook was waiting for them, as Fleur had said, in the tiniest of the cottage's three bedrooms, in which Hermione and Luna slept by night. He had drawn the red cotton curtains against the bright, cloudy sky, which gave the room a fiery glow at odds with the rest of the airy, light cottage.I have reached my decision, Harry Potter, said the goblin, who was sitting cross-legged in a low chair, drumming its arms with his spindly fingers. Though the goblins of Gringotts will consider it base treachery, I have decided to help you CThat's great! said Harry, relief surging through him. Griphook, thank you, we're really CC in return, said the goblin firmly, for payment.Slightly taken aback, Harry hesitated.How much do you want? I've got gold.Not gold, said Griphook. I have gold.His black eyes glittered	 there were no whites to his eyes.I want the sword. The sword of Godric Gryffindor.Harry's spirits plummeted.You can't have that, he said. I'm sorry.Then, said the goblin softly, we have a problem.We can give you something else, said Ron eagerly. I'll bet the Lestranges have got loads of stuff, you can take your pick once we get into the vault.He had said the wrong thing. Griphook flushed angrily.I am not a thief, boy! I am not trying to procure treasures to which I have no right!The sword's ours Cit is not, said the goblin.We're Gryffindors, and it was Godric Gryffindor's CAnd before it was Gryffindor's, whose was it? demanded the goblin, sitting up straight.No one's, said Ron. It was made for him, wasn't it?No! cried the goblin, bristling with anger as he pointed a long finger at Ron. Wizarding arrogance again! That sword was Ragnuk the First's, taken from him by Godric Gryffindor! It is a C, a masterpiece of goblinwork! It belongs with the goblC. The sword is the price of my hire, take it or leave it!Griphook glared at them. Harry glanced at the other C, then said, We need to discuss this, Griphook, if that's all right. Could you give us a few minutes?The goblin nodded, looking sour.Downstairs in the empty sitting room, Harry walked to the fireplace, brow furrowed, trying to think what to do. Behind him, Ron said, He's having a laugh. We can't let him have that sword.It is true? Harry asked Hermione. Was the sword stolen by Gryffindor?I don't know, she said hopelessly. Wizarding history often skates over what the wizards have done to other magical races, but there's no account that I know of that says Gryffindor stole the sword.It'll be one of those goblin stories, said Ron, about how the wizards are always trying to get one over on them. I suppose we should think ourselves lucky he hasn't asked for one of our wands.Goblins have got good reason to dislike wizards, Ron. said Hermione. They've been treated brutally in the past.Goblins aren't exactly fluffy little bunnies, though, are they? said Ron. They've killed plenty of us. They've fought dirty too.But arguing with Griphook about whose race is most underhanded and violent isn't going to make him more likely to help us, is it?There was a pause while they tried to think of a way around the problem. Harry looked out of the window at Dobby's grave. Luna was arranging sea lavender in a jam jar beside the headstone.Okay, said Ron, and Harry turned back to face him, how's this? We tell Griphook we need the sword until we get inside the C and then he can have it. There's a fake in these, isn't there? We switch them, and give him the fake.Ron, he'd know the difference better than we would! said Hermione. He's the only one who realized there had been a swap!Yeah, but we could C caper before he realizes CHe quailed beneath the look Hermione was giving him.That, she said quietly, is despicable. Ask for his help, then double-cross him? And you wonder why goblins don't like wizards, Ron?Ron's ears had turned red.All right, all right! It was the only thing I could think of! What's your solution, then?We need to offer him something else, something just as valuable.Brilliant, I'll go and get one of our ancient goblin-made swords and you can gift wrap it.Silence fell between them again. Harry was sure that the goblin would accept nothing but the sword, even if they had something as valuable to offer him. Yet the sword was their one, indispensable weapon against the Horcruxes.He closed his eyes for a moment or two and listened to the rush of the sea. The idea that Gryffindor might have stolen the sword was unpleasant to him: He had always been proud to be a Gryffindor	 Gryffindor had been the champion of Muggle-borns, the wizard who had clashed with the pureblood-loving Slytherin....Maybe he's lying, Harry said, opening his eyes again. Griphook. Maybe Gryffindor didn't take the sword. How do we know the goblin version of history's right?Does it make a difference? asked Hermione.Changes how I feel about it, said Harry.He took a deep breath.We'll tell him he can have the sword after he's helped us get into that vault C but we'll be careful to avoid telling him exactly /when/ he can have it.A grin spread slowly across Ron's face. Hermione, however, looked alarmed.Harry, we can't CHe can have it, Harry went on, after we've used it on all of the Horcruxes. I'll make sure he gets it then. I'll keep my word.But that could be years! said Hermione.I know that, but /he/ needn't. I won't be lying... really.Harry met her eyes with a mixture of defiance and shame. He remembered the words that had been engraved over the gateway to Nurmengard: FOR THE GREATER GOOD. He pushed the idea away. What choice did they have?I don't like it, said Hermione.Nor do I, much, Harry admitted.Well, I think it's genius, said Ron, standing up again. Let's go and tell him.Back in the smallest bedroom, Harry made the offer, careful to phrase it so as not to give any definite time for the handover of the sword. Hermione frowned at the floor while he was speaking	 he felt irritated at her, afraid that she might give the game away. However, Griphook had eyes for nobody but Harry.I have your word, Harry Potter, that you will give me the sword of Gryffindor if I help you?Yes, said Harry.Then shake, said the goblin, holding out his hand.Harry took it and shook. He wondered whether those black eyes saw any misgivings in his own. Then Griphook relinquished him, clapped his hands together, and said, So. We begin!It was like planning to break into the Ministry all over again. They settled to work in the smallest bedroom, which was kept, according to Griphook's preference, in semidarkness.I have visited the Lestranges' vault only once, Griphook told them, on the occasion I was told to place inside it the false sword. It is one of the most ancient chambers. The oldest Wizarding families store their treasures at the deepest level, where the vaults are largest and best protected....They remained shut in the cupboardlike room for hours at a time. Slowly the days stretched into weeks. There was problem after problem to overcome, not least of which was that their store of Polyjuice Potion was greatly depleted.There's really only enough left for one of us, said Hermione, tilting the thick mudlike potion against the lamplight.That'll be enough, said Harry, who was examining Griphook's hand-drawn map of the deepest passageways.The other inhabitants of Shell Cottage could hardly fail to notice that something was going on now that Harry, Ron and Hermione only emerged for mealtimes. Nobody asked questions, although Harry often felt Bill's eyes on the three of them at the table, thoughtful, concerned.The longer they spent together, the more Harry realized that he did not much like the goblin. Griphook was unexpectedly bloodthirsty, laughed at the idea of pain in lesser creatures and seemed to relish the possibility that they might have to hurt other wizards to reach the Lestranges' vault. Harry could tell that his distaste was shared by the other two, but they did not discuss it. They needed Griphook.The goblin ate only grudgingly with the rest of them. Even after his legs had mended, he continued to request trays of food in his room, like the still-frail Ollivander, until Bill (following an angry outburst from Fleur) went upstairs to tell him that the arrangement could not continue. Thereafter Griphook joined them at the overcrowded table, although he refused to eat the same food, insisting, instead, on lumps of raw meat, roots, and various fungi.Harry felt responsible: It was, after all, he who had insisted that the goblin remain at Shell Cottage so that he could question him	 his fault that the whole Weasley family had been driven into hiding, that Bill, Fred, George, and Mr. Weasley could no longer work.I'm sorry, he told Fleur, one blustery April evening as he helped her prepare dinner. I never meant you to have to deal with all of this.She had just set some knives to work, chipping up steaks for Griphook and Bill, who had preferred his meat bloody ever since he had been attacked by Greyback. While the knives sliced behind her, her somewhat irritable expression softened.'Arry, you saved my sister's life, I do not forget.This was not, strictly speaking, true, but Harry decided against reminding her that Gabrielle had never been in real danger.Anyway, Fleur went on, pointing her want at a pot of sauce on the stove, which began to bubble at once, Mr. Ollivander leaves for Muriel's zis evening. Zat will make zings easier. Ze goblin, she scowled a little at the mention of him, can move downstairs, and you, Ron, and Dean can take zat room.We don't mind sleeping in the living room, said Harry, who knew that Griphook would thing poorly of having to sleep on the sofa	 keeping Griphook happy was essential to their plans. Don't worry about us. And when she tried to protest he went on, We'll be off your hands soon too, Ron, Hermione, and I. We won't need to be here much longer.But, what do you mean? she said, frowning at him, her wand pointing at the casserole dish now suspended in midair. Of course you must not leave, you are safe 'ere!She looked rather like Mrs. Weasley as she said it, and he was glad that the back door opened at that moment. Luna and Dean entered, their hair damp from the rain outside and their arms full of driftwood.... and tiny little ears, Luna was saying, a bit like hippo's, Daddy says, only purple and hairy. And if you want to call them, you have to hum	 they prefer a waltz, nothing too fast....Looking uncomfortable, Dean shrugged at Harry as he passed, following Luna into the combined dining and sitting room where Ron and Hermione were laying the dinner table.Seizing the chance to escape Fleur's questions, Harry grabbed two jugs of pumpkin juice and followed them.... and if you ever come to our house I'll be able to show you the horn, Daddy wrote to me about it but I haven't seen it yet, because the Death Eaters took me from the Hogwarts Express and I never got home for Christmas, Luna was saying, as she and Dean relit the fire.Luna, we told you, Hermione called over to her. That horn exploded. It came from an Erumpent, not a Crumple-Horned Snorkack CNo, it was definitely a Snorkack horn, said Luna serenely, Daddy told me. It will probably have re-formed by now, they mend themselves, you know.Hermione shook her head and continued laying down forks as Bill appeared, leading Mr. Ollivander down the stairs. The wandmaker still looked exceptionally frail, and he clung to Bill's arm as the latter supported him, carrying a large suitcase.I'm going to miss you, Mr. Ollivander, said Luna, approaching the old man.And I you, my dear, said Ollivander, patting her on the shoulder.You were an inexpressible comfort to me in that terrible place.So, au revoir, Mr. Ollivander, said Fleur, kissing him on both cheeks. And I wonder whezzer you could oblige me by delivering a package to Bill's Auntie Muriel? I never returned 'er tiara.It will be an honor, said Ollivander with a little bow, the very least I can do in return for your generous hospitality.Fleur drew out a worn velvet case, which she opened to show the wandmaker. The tiara sat glittering and twinkling in the light from the low-hanging lamp.Moonstones and diamonds, said Griphook, who had sidled into the room without Harry noticing. Made by goblins, I think?And paid for by wizards, said Bill quietly, and the goblin shot him a look that was both furtive and challenging.A strong wind gusted against the cottage windows as Bill and Ollivander set off into the night. The rest of them squeezed in around the table	 elbow to elbow and with barely enough room to move, they started to eat. The fire crackled and popped in the grate beside them. Fleur, Harry noticed, was merely playing with her food	 she glanced at the window every few minutes	 however, Bill returned before they had finished their first course, his long hair tangled by the wind.Everything's fine, he told Fleur. Ollivander settled in, Mum and Dad say hello. Ginny sends you all her love, Fred and George are driving Muriel up the wall, they're still operating an Owl-Order business out of her back room. It cheered her up to have her tiara back, though. She said she thought we'd stolen it.Ah, she eez charmant, your aunt, said Fleur crossly, waving her wand and causing the dirty plates to rise and form a stack in midair. She caught them and marched out of the room.Daddy's made a tiara, piped up Luna, Well, more of a crown, really.Ron caught Harry's eye and grinned	 Harry knew that he was remembering the ludicrous headdress they had seen on their visit to Xenophilius.Yes, he's trying to re-create the lost diadem of Ravenclaw. He thinks he's identified most of the main elements now. Adding the billywig wings really made a difference CThere was a bang on the front door. Everyone's head turned toward it. Fleur came running out of the kitchen, looking frightened
Deathly Hallows=Their plans were made, their preparations complete	 in the smallest bedroom a single long, coarse black hair (plucked from the sweater Hermione had been wearing at Malfoy Manor) lay curled in a small glass phial on the mantelpiece.And you'll be using her actual wand, said Harry, nodding toward the walnut wand, so I reckon you'll be pretty convincing.Hermione looked frightened that the wand might sting or bit her as she picked it up.I hate that thing, she said in a low voice. I really hate it. It feels all wrong, it doesn't work properly for me... It's like a bit of her.Harry could not help but remember how Hermione has dismissed his loathing of the blackthorn wand, insisting that he was imagining things when it did not work as well as his own, telling him to simply practice. He chose not to repeat her own advice back to her, however, the eve of their attempted assault on Gringotts felt like the wrong moment to antagonize her.It'll probably help you get in character, though, said Ron. think what that wand's done!But that's my point! said Hermione. This is the wand that tortured Neville's mum and dad, and who knows how many other people? This is the wand that killed Sirius!Harry had not thought of that: He looked down at the wand and was visited by a brutal urge to snap it, to slice it in half with Gryffindor's sword, which was propped against the wall beside him.I miss my wand, Hermione said miserably. I wish Mr. Ollivander could have made me another one too.Mr. Ollivander had sent Luna a new wand that morning. She was out on the back lawn at that moment, testing its capabilities in the late afternoon sun. Dean, who had lost his wand to the Snatchers, was watching rather gloomily.Harry looked down at the hawthorn wand that had once belonged to Draco Malfoy. He had been surprised, but pleased to discover that it worked for him at least as well as Hermione's had done. Remembering what Ollivander had told them of the secret workings of wands, Harry thought he knew what Hermione's problem was: She had not won the walnut wand's allegiance by taking it personally from Bellatrix.The door of the bedroom opened and Griphook entered. Harry reached instinctively for the hilt of the sword and drew it close to him, but regretted his action at once. He could tell that the goblin had noticed. Seeking to gloss over the sticky moment, he said, We've just been checking the last-minute stuff, Griphook. We've told Bill and Fleur we're leaving tomorrow, and we've told them not to get up to see us off.They had been firm on this point, because Hermione would need to transform in Bellatrix before they left, and the less that Bill and Fleur knew or suspected about what they were about to do, the better. They had also explained that they would not be returning. As they had lost Perkin's old tent on the night that the Snatcher's caught them, Bill had lent them another one. It was now packed inside the beaded bag, which, Harry was impressed to learn, Hermione had protected from the Snatchers by the simple expedient of stuffing it down her sock.Though he would miss Bill, Fleur, Luna, and Dean, not to mention the home comforts they had enjoyed over the last few weeks, Harry was looking forward to escaping the confinement of Shell Cottage. He was tired of trying to make sure that they were not overheard, tired of being shut in the tiny, dark bedroom. Most of all, he longed to be rid of Griphook. However, precisely how and when they were to part from the goblin without handing over Gryffindor's sword remained a question to which Harry had no answer. It had been impossible to decide how they were going to do it, because the goblin rarely left Harry, Ron, and Hermione alone together for more than five minutes at a time: He could give my mother lessons, growled Ron, as the goblin's long fingers kept appearing around the edges of doors. With Bill's warning in mind, Harry could not help suspecting that Griphook was on the watch for possible skullduggery. Hermione disapproved so heartily of the planned double-cross that Harry had given up attempting to pick her brains on how best to do it: Ron, on the rare occasions that they had been able to snatch a few Griphook-free moments, had come up with nothing better than We'll just have to wing it, mate.Harry slept badly that night. Lying away in the early hours, he thought back to the way he had felt the night before they had infiltrated the Ministry of Magic and remembered a determination, almost an excitement. Now he was experiencing jolts of anxiety nagging doubts: He could not shake off the fear that it was all going to go wrong. He kept telling himself that their plan was good, that Griphook knew what they were facing, that they were well-prepared for all the difficulties they were likely to encounter, yet still he felt uneasy. Once or twice he heard Ron stir and was sure that he too was awake, but they were sharing the sitting room with Dean, so Harry did not speak.It was a relief when six o-clock arrived and they could slip out of their sleeping bags, dress in the semidarkness, then creep out into the garden, where they were to meet Hermione and Griphook. The dawn was chilly, but there was little wind now that it was May. Harry looked up at the stars still glimmering palely in the dark sky and listened to the sea washing backward and forward against the cliff: He was going to miss the sound.Small green shoots were forcing their way up through the red earth of Dobby's grave now, in a year's time the mound would be covered in flowers. The white stone that bore the elf's name had already acquired a weathered look. He realized now that they could hardly have laid Dobby to rest in a more beautiful place, but Harry ached with sadness to think of leaving him behind. Looking down on the grave, he wondered yet again how the elf had known where to come to rescue them. His fingers moved absentmindedly to the little pouch still strung around his neck, thorough which he could feel the jagged mirror fragment in which he had been sure he had seen Dumbledore's eye. Then the sound of a door opening made him look around.Bellatrix Lestrange was striding across the lawn toward them, accompanied by Griphook. As she walked, she was tucking the small, beaded bag into the inside pocket of another set of the old robes they had taken from Grimmauld Place. Though Harry knew perfectly well that it was really Hermione, he could not suppress a shiver of loathing. She was taller than he was, her long black hair rippling down her back, her heavily lidded eyes disdainful as they rested upon him	 but then she spoke, and he heard Hermione through Bellatrix's low voice.She tasted disgusting, worse than Gurdyroots! Okay, Ron, come here so I can do you...Right, but remember, I don't like the beard too longOh, for heaven's sake, this isn't about looking handsomeIt's not that, it gets in the way! But I liked my nose a bit shorter, try and do it the way you did last time.Hermione sighed and set to work, muttering under her breath as she transformed various aspects of Ron's appearance. He was to be given a completely fake identity, and they were trusting to the malevolent aura cast by Bellatrix to protect him. Meanwhile Harry and Griphook were to be concealed under the Invisibility Cloak.There, said Hermione, how does he look, Harry?It was just not possible to discern Ron under his disguise, but only, Harry thought because he knew him so well. Ron's hair was now long and wavy	 he had a thick brown beard and mustache, no freckles, a short, broad nose, and heavy eyebrows.Well, he's not my type, but he'll do, said Harry. Shall we go, then?All three of them glanced back at Shell Cottage, lying dark and silent under the fading stars, then turned and began to walk toward the point, just beyond the boundary wall, where the Fidelius Chard stopped working and they would be able to Disapparate. Once past the gate, Griphook spoke.I should climb up now, Harry Potter, I think?Harry bent down and the goblin clambered onto his back, his hands linked on front of Harry's throat. He was not heavy, but Harry disliked the feeling of the goblin and the surprising strength with which he clung on. Hermione pulled the Invisibility Cloak out of the beaded bag and threw it over them both.Perfect, she said, bending down to check Harry's feet. I can't see a thing. Let's go.Harry turned on the spot, with Griphook on his shoulders, concentrating with all his might on the Leaky Cauldron, the inn that was the entrance to Diagon Alley. The goblin clung even tighter as they moved into the compressing darkness, and seconds later Harry's feet found pavement and he opened his eyes on Charing Cross Road. Muggles bustled past wearing the hangdog expressions of early morning, quite unconscious of the little inn's existence.The bar of the Leaky Cauldron was nearly deserted. Ton, the stooped and toothless landlord, was polishing glasses behind the bar counter	 a couple of warlocks having a muttered conversation in the far corner glanced at Hermione and drew back into the shadows.Madam Lestrange, murmured Tom, and as Hermione paused he inclined his head subserviently.Good morning, said Hermione, and as Harry crept past, still carrying Griphook piggyback under the Cloak, he saw Tom look surprised.Too polite, Harry whispered in Hermione's ear as they passed out of the Inn into the tiny backyard. You need to treat people like they're scum!Okay, okay!Hermione drew out Bellatrix's wand and rapped a brick in the nondescript wall in front of them. At once the bricks began to whirl and spin: A hole appeared in the middle of them, which grew wider and wider, finally forming an archway onto the narrow cobbled street that was Diagon Alley.It was quiet, barely time for the shops to open, and there were hardly and shoppers abroad. The crooked, cobbled street was much altered now from the bustling place Harry had visited before his first team at Hogwarts so many years before. More shops than ever were boarded up, though several new establishments dedicated to the Dark Arts had been created since his last visit. Harry's own face glared down at him from posters plastered over many windows, always captioned with the words UNDESIRABLE NUMBER ONE.A number of ragged people sat huddled in doorways. He heard them moaning to the few passersby, pleading for gold, insisting that they were really wizards. One man had a bloody bandage over his eye.As they set off along the street, the beggars glimpsed Hermione. they seemed to melt away before her, drawing hoods over their faces and fleeing as fast as they could. Hermione looked after them curiously, until the man with the bloodied bandage came staggering right across her path.My children, he bellowed, pointing at her. His voice was cracked, high-pitched, he sounded distraught. Where are my children? What has he done with them? You know, you know!ICI reallyC stammered Hermione.The man lunged at her, reaching for her throat. Then, with a bang and a burst of red light he was thrown backward onto the ground, unconscious. Ron stood there, his wand still outstretched and a look of shock visible behind his beard. Faces appeared at the windows on either side of the street, while a little knot of prosperous-looking passerby gathered their robes about them and broke into gentle trots, keen to vacate the scene. their entrance into Diagon Alley could hardly have been more conspicuous	 for a moment Harry wondered whether it might not be better to leave now and try to think of a different plan. Before they could move or consult one another, however, they heard a cry from behind them.Why, Madam Lestrange!Harry whirled around and Griphook tightened his hold around Harry's neck: A tall, think wizard with a crown of bushy gray hair and a long, sharp nose was striding toward them.It's Travers, hissed the goblin into Harry's ear, but at that moment Harry could not think who Travers was. Hermione had drawn herself up to full height and said with as much contempt as she could muster:And what do you want?Travers stopped in his tracks, clearly affronted.He's another Death Eater! breathed Griphook, and Harry sidled sideways to repeat the information into Hermione's ear.I merely sought to greet you, said Travers coolly, but if my presence is not welcome...Harry recognized his voice now: Travers was one of the Death Eaters who had been summoned to Xenophilius's house.No, no, not at all, Travers, said Hermione quickly, trying to cover up her mistake. How are you?Well, I confess I am surprised to see you out and about, Bellatrix.Really? Why? asked Hermione.Well, Travers coughed, I heard that the Inhabitants of Malfoy Manor were confined to the house, after the... ah... escape.Harry willed Hermione to keep her head. If this was true, and Bellatrix was not supposed to be out in publicC The Dark Lord forgives those who have served him most faithfully in the past, said Hermione in a magnificent imitation of Bellatrix's most contemptuous manner. Perhaps your credit is not as good with him as mine is, Travers.Though the Death Eater looked offended, he also seemed less suspicious. He glanced down at the man Ron had just Stunned.How did it offend you?It does not matter, it will not do so again, said Hermione coolly.Some of these wandless can be troublesome, said Travers. While they do nothing but beg I have no objection, but one of them actually asked me to plead her case in the Ministry last week. 'I'm a witch, sir, I'm a witch, let me prove it to you! he said in a squeaky impersonation. As if I was going to give her my wandCbut whose wand, said Travers curiously, are you using at the moment, Bellatrix? I heard that your own wasCI have my wand here, said Hermione coldly, holding up Bellatrix's wand. I don't know what rumors you have been listening to, Travers, but you seem sadly misinformed.Travers seemed a little taken aback at that, and he turned instead to Ron.Who is your friend? I do not recognize him.This is Dragomir Despard, said Hermione	 they had decided that a fictional foreigner was the safest cover for Ron to assume. He speaks very little English, but he is in sympathy with the Dark Lord's aims. He has traveled here from Transylvania to see our new regime.Indeed? How do you do, Dragomir?'Ow you? said Ron, holding out his hand.Travers extended two fingers and shook Ron's hand as though frightened of dirtying himself.So what brings you and yourCahCsympathetic friend to Diagon Alley this early? asked Travers.I need to visit Gringotts, said Hermione.Alas, I also, said Travers. Gold, filthy gold! We cannot live without it, yet I confess I deplore the necessity of consorting with our long-fingered friends.Harry felt Griphook's clasped hands tighten momentarily around his neck.Shall we? said Travers, gesturing Hermione forward.Hermione had no choice but to fall into step beside him and head along the crooked, cobbled street toward the place where the snowy-white Gringotts stood towering over the other little shops. Ron sloped along beside them, and Harry and Griphook followed.A watchful Death Eater was the very last thing they needed, and the worst of it was, with Travers matching at what he believed to be Bellatrix's side, there was no means for Harry to communicate with Hermione or Ron. All too soon they arrived at the foot of the marble steps leading up to the great bronze doors. As Griphook had already warned them, the liveried goblins who usually flanked the entrance had been replaced by two wizards, both of whom were clutching long thin golden rods.Ah, Probity Probes, signed Travers theatrically, so crudeCbut so effective!And he set off up the steps, nodding left and right to the wizards, who raised the golden rods and passed them up and down his body. The Probes, Harry knew, detected spells of concealment and hidden magical objects. Knowing that he had only seconds, Harry pointed Draco's wand at each of the guards in turn and murmured, Confundo twice. Unnoticed by Travers, who was looking through the bronze doors at the inner hall, each of the guards gave a little start as the spells hit them.Hermione's long black hair rippled behind her as she climbed the steps.One moment, madam, said the guard, raising his Probe.But you've just done that! said Hermione in Bellatrix's commanding, arrogant voice. Travers looked around, eyebrows raised. The guard was confused. He stared down at the thin golden Probe and then at his companion, who said in a slightly dazed voice, Yeah, you've just checked them, Marius.Hermione swept forward. Ron by her side, Harry and Griphook trotting invisibly behind them. Harry glanced back as they crossed the threshold. The wizards were both scratching their heads.Two goblins stood before the inner doors, which were made of silver and which carried the poem warning of dire retribution to potential thieves. Harry looked up at it, and all of a sudden a knife-sharp memory came to him: standing on this very spot on the day that he had turned eleven, the most wonderful birthday of his life, and Hagrid standing beside him saying, Like I said, yeh'd be mad ter try an' rob it. Gringotts had seemed a place of wonder that day, the enchanted repository of a trove of gold he had never known he possessed, and never for an instant could he have dreamed that he would return to steal... But within seconds they were standing in the vast marble hall of the bank.The long counter was manned by goblins sitting on high stools serving the first customers of the day. Hermione, Ron, and Travers headed toward an old goblin who was examining a thick gold coin through an eyeglass. Hermione allowed Travers to step ahead of her on the pretext of explaining features of the hall to Ron.The goblin tossed the coin he was holding aside, said to nobody in particular, Leprechaun, and then greeted Travers, who passed over a tiny golden key, which was examined and given back to him.Hermione stepped forward.Madam Lestrange! said the goblin, evidently startled. Dear me! HowChow may I help you today?I wish to enter my vault, said Hermione.The old goblin seemed to recoil a little. Harry glanced around. Not only was Travers hanging back, watching, but several other goblins had looked up from their work to stare at Hermione.You have... identification? asked the goblin.Identification? ICI have never been asked for identification before! said Hermione.They know! whispered Griphook in Harry's ear, They must have been warned there might be an imposter!Your wand will do, madam, said the goblin. He held out a slightly trembling hand, and in a dreadful blast of realization Harry knew that the goblins of Gringotts were aware that Bellatrix's wand had been stolen.Act now, act now, whispered Griphook in Harry's ear, the Imperious Curse!Harry raised the hawthorn wand beneath the cloak, pointed it at the old goblin, and whispered, for the first time in his life, Imperio!A curious sensation shot down Harry's arm, a feeling of tingling, warmth that seemed to flow from his mind, down the sinews and veins connecting him to the wand and the curse it had just cast. The goblin took Bellatrix's wand, examined it closely, and then said, Ah, you have had a new wand made, Madam Lestrange!What? said Hermione, No, no, that's mineCA new wand? said Travers, approaching the counter again	 still the goblins all around were watching. But how could you have done, which wandmaker did you use?Harry acted without thinking. Pointing his wand at Travers, he muttered, Imperio! once more.Oh yes, I see, said Travers, looking down at Bellatrix's wand, yes, very handsome. and is it working well? I always think wands require a little breaking in, don't you?Hermione looked utterly bewildered, but to Harry's enormous relief she accepted the bizarre turn of events without comment.The old goblin behind the counter clapped his hands and a younger goblin approached.I shall need the Clankers, he told the goblin, who dashed away and returned a moment later with a leather bag that seemed to be full of jangling metal, which he handed to his senior. Good, good! S, if you will follow me, Madam Lestrange, said the old goblin, hopping down off his stool and vanishing from sight. I shall take you to your vault.He appeared around the end of the counter, jogging happily toward them, the contents of the leather bag still jingling. Travers was now standing quite still with his mouth hanging wide open. Ron was drawing attention to this odd phenomenon by regarding Travers with confusion.Wait C Bogrod!Another goblin came scurrying around the counter.We have instructions, he said with a bow to Hermione. Forgive me, Madam, but there have been special orders regarding the vault of Lestrange.He whispered urgently in Bogrod's ear, but the Imperiused goblin shook him off.I am aware of the instructions, Madam Lestrange wishes to visit her vault ... Very old family ... old clients ... This way, please ...And, still clanking, he hurried toward one of the many doors leading off the hall. Harry looked back at Travers , who was still rooted to the spot looking abnormally vacant, and made his decision. With a flick of his wand he made Travers come with them, walking meekly in their wake as they reached the door and passed into the rough stone passageway beyond, which was lit with flaming torches.We're in trouble	 they suspect, said Harry as the door slammed behind them and he pulled off the Invisibility Cloak. Griphook jumped down from his shoulders: neither Travers nor Bogrod showed the slightest surprise at the sudden appearance of Harry Potter in their midst. They're Imperiused, he added, in response to Hermione and Ron's confused queries about Travers and Bogrod, who were both now standing there looking blank. I don't think I did it strongly enough, I don't know ...And another memory darted through his mind, of the real Bellatrix Lestrange shrieking at him when he had first tried to use an Unforgivable Curse: You need to mean them, Potter!What do we do? asked Ron. Shall we get out now, while we can?If we can, said Hermione, looking back toward the door into the main hall, beyond which who knew what was happening.We've got this far, I say we go on, said Harry.Good! said Griphook. So, we need Bogrod to control the cart	 I no long have the authority. But there will not be room for the wizard.Harry pointed his wand at Travers.Imperio!The wizard turned and set off along the dark track at a smart pace.What are you making him do?Hide, said Harry as he pointed his wand at Bogrod, who whistled to summon a little cart that came trundling along the tracks toward them out of the darkness. Harry was sure he could hear shouting behind them in the main hall as they all clambered into it, Bogrod in front of Griphook, Harry, Ron, and Hermione crammed together in the back.With a jerk the cart moved off, gathering speed: They hurried past Travers, who was wriggling into a crack in the wall, then the cart began twisting and turning through the labyrinthine passages, sloping downward all the time. Harry could not hear anything over the rattling of the cart on the tracks: His hair flew behind him as they swerved between stalactites, flying ever deeper into the earth, but he kept glancing back. They might as well have left enormous footprints behind them	 the more he thought about it, the more foolish it seemed to have disguised Hermione as Bellatrix, to have brought along Bellatrix's wand, when the Death Eaters knew who had stolen it CThere were a deeper than Harry had ever penetrated within Gringotts	 they took a hairpin bend at speed and saw ahead of them, with seconds to spare, a waterfall pounding over the track. Harry heard Griphook shout, No! but there was no braking. They zoomed through it. Water filled Harry's eyes and mouth: He could not see or breathe: Then, with an awful lurch, the cart flipped over and they were all thrown out of it. Harry heard the cart smash into pieces against the passage wall, heard Hermione shriek something, and felt himself glide back toward the ground as though weightless, landing painlessly on the rocky passage floor.C-Cushioning Charm, Hermione spluttered, as Ron pulled her to her feet, but to Harry's horror he saw that she was no longer Bellatrix	 instead she stood there in overlarge robes, sopping wet and completely herself	 Ron was red-haired and beardless again. They were realizing it as they looked at each other, feeling their own faces.The Thief's Downfall! said Griphook, clambering to his feet and looking back the deluge onto the tracks, which, Harry knew now, had been more than water. It washes away all enchantment, all magical concealment! They know there are imposers in Gringotts, they have set off defenses against us!Harry saw Hermione checking that she still had the beaded bag, and hurriedly thrust his own hand under his jacket to make sure he had not lost the Invisibility Cloak. Then he turned to see Bogrod shaking his head in bewilderment: The Thief's Downfall seemed to have lifted his Imperius Curse.We need him, said Griphook, we cannot enter the vault without a Gringott's goblin. And we need the clankers!Imperio! Harry said again
Deathly Hallows=There was no means of steering	 the dragon could not see where it was going, and Harry knew that if it turned sharply or rolled in midair they would find it impossible to cling onto its broad back. Nevertheless, as they climbed higher and higher, London unfurling below them like a gray-and-green map, Harry's overwhelming feeling was of gratitude for an escape that had seemed impossible. Crouching low over the beast's neck, he clung tight to the metallic scales, and the cool breeze was soothing on his burned and blistered skin, the dragon's wings beating the air like the sails of a windmill. Behind him, whether from delight or fear he could not tell. Ron kept swearing at the top of his voice, and Hermione seemed to be sobbing.After five minutes or so, Harry lost some of his immediate dread that the dragon was going to throw them off, for it seemed intent on nothing but getting as far away from its underground prison as possible	 but the question of how and when they were to dismount remained rather frightening. He had no idea how long dragons could fly without landing, nor how this particular dragon, which could barely see, would locate a good place to put down. He glanced around constantly, imagining that he could feel his seat prickling.How long would it be before Voldemort knew that they had broken into the Lestranges' vault? How soon would the goblins of Gringotts notify Bellatrix? How quickly would they realize what had been taken? And then, when they discovered that the golden cup was missing? Voldemort would know, at last, that they were hunting Horcruxes.The dragon seemed to crave cooler and fresher air. It climbed steadily until they were flying through wisps of chilly cloud, and Harry could no longer make out the little colored dots which were cars pouring in and out of the capital. On and on they flew, over countryside parceled out in patches of green and brown, over roads and rivers winding through the landscape like strips of matte and glossy ribbon.What do you reckon it's looking for? Ron yelled as they flew farther and farther north.No idea, Harry bellow back. His hands were numb with cold but he did not date attempt to shift his grip. He had been wondering for some time what they would do if they saw the coast sail beneath them, if the dragon headed for open seal he was cold and numb, not to mention desperately hungry and thirsty. When, he wondered, had the beast itself last eaten? Surely it would need sustenance before long? And what if, at that point, it realized it had three highly edible humans sitting on its back?The sun slipped lower in the sky, which was turning indigo	 and still the dragon flew, cities and towns gliding out of sight beneath them, its enormous shadow sliding over the earth like a giant dark cloud. Every part of Harry ached with the effort of holding on to the dragon's back.Is it my imagination, shouted Ron after a considerable stretch of silence, or are we losing height?Harry looked down and saw deep green mountains and lakes, coppery in the sunset. the landscape seemed to grow larger and more detailed as he squinted over the side of the dragon, and he wondered whether it had divined the presence of fresh water by the flashes of reflected sunlight.Lower and lower the dragon flew, in great spiraling circles, honing in, it seemed, upon one of the smaller lakes.I say we jump when it gets low enough! Harry called back to the others. Straight into the water before it realizes we're here!They agreed, Hermione a little faintly, and now Harry could see the dragon's wide yellow underbelly rippling in the surface of the water.NOW!He slithered over the side of the dragon and plummeted feetfirst toward the surface of the lake	 the drop was greater than he had estimated and he hit the water hard, plunging like a stone into a freezing, green, reed-filled world. He kicked toward the surface and emerged, panting, to see enormous ripples emanating in circles from the places where Ron and Hermione had fallen. The dragon did not seem to have noticed anything	 it was already fifty feet away, swooping low over the lake to scoop up water in its scarred snout. As Ron and Hermione emerged, spluttering and gasping, from the depths of the lake, the dragon flew on, its wings beating hard, and landed at last on a distant bank.Harry, Ron and Hermione struck out for the opposite shore. The lake did not seem to be deep. Soon it was more a question of fighting their way through reeds and mud than swimming, and at last they flopped, sodden, panting, and exhausted, onto slippery grass.Hermione collapsed, coughing and shuddering. Though Harry could have happily lain down and slept, he staggered to his feet, drew out his wand, and started casting the usual protective spells around them.When he had finished, he joined the others. It was the first time that he had seen them properly since escaping from the vault. Both had angry red burns all over their faces and arms, and their clothing was singed away in places. They were wincing as they dabbed essence of dittany onto their many injuries. Hermione handed Harry the bottle, then pulled out three bottles of pumpkin juice she had brought from Shell Cottage and clean, dry robes for all of them. They changes and then gulped down the juice.Well, on the upside, said Ron finally, who was sitting watching the skin on his hands regrow, we got the Horcrux. On the downside-C no sword, said Harry through gritted teeth, as he dripped dittany through the singed hole in his jeans onto the angry burn beneath.No sword, repeated Ron. That double-crossing little scab...Harry pulled the Horcrux from the pocket of the wet jacket he had just taken off and set it down on the grass in front of them. Glinting in the sun, it drew their eyes as they swigged their bottles of juice.At least we can't wear it this time, that'd look a bit weird hanging around our necks, said Ron, wiping his mouth on the back of his hand.Hermione looked across the lake to the far bank where the dragon was still drinking.What'll happen to it, do you think? she asked, Will it be alright?You sound like Hagrid, said Ron, It's a dragon, Hermione, it can look after itself. It's us we need to worry about.What do you mean?Well I don't know how to break this to you, said Ron, but I think they might have noticed we broke into Gringotts.All three of them started to laugh, and once started, it was difficult to stop. Harry's ribs ached, he felt lightheaded with hunger, but he lay back on the grass beneath the reddening sky and laughed until his throat was raw.What are we going to do, though? said Hermione finally, hiccuping herself back to seriousness. He'll know, won't he? You-Know-Who will know we know about his Horcruxes!Maybe they'll be too scared to tell him! said Ron hopefully, Maybe they'll cover up CThe sky, the smell of the lake water, the sound of Ron's voice were extinguished. Pain cleaved Harry's head like a sword stroke. He was standing in a dimly lit room, and a semicircle of wizards faced him, and on the floor at his feet knelt a small, quaking figure.What did you say to me? His voice was high and cold, but fury and fear burned inside him. The one thing that he had dreaded C but it could not be true, he could not see how...The goblin was trembling, unable to meet the red eyes high above his.Say it again! murmured Voldemort. Say it again!M-my Lord, stammered the goblin, its black eyes wide with terror, m-my Lord... we t-tried to st-stop them... Im-impostors, my Lord... broke -broke into the C into the Lestranges' vault...Impostors? What impostors? I thought Gringotts had ways of revealing impostors? Who were they?It was... it was... the P-Potter b-boy and the t-two accomplices...And they took? he said, his voice rising, a terrible fear gripping him, Tell me! What did they take?A... a s-small golden c-cup m-my Lord...The scream of rage, of denial left him as if it were a stranger's. He was crazed, frenzied, it could not be true, it was impossible, nobody had known. How was it possible that the boy could have discovered his secret?The Elder Wand slashed through the air and green light erupted through the room	 the kneeling goblin rolled over dead	 the watching wizards scattered before him, terrified. Bellatrix and Lucius Malfoy threw others behind them in their race for the door, and again and again his wand fell, and those who were left were slain, all of them, for bringing him this news, for hearing about the golden cup - Alone amongst the dead he stomped up and down, and they passed before him in vision: his treasures, his safeguards, his anchors to immortality C the diary was destroyed and the cup was stolen. What if, what if, the boy knew about the others? Could he know, had he already acted, had he traced more of them? Was Dumbledore at the root of this? Dumbledore, who had always suspected him	 Dumbledore, dead on his orders	 Dumbledore, whose wand was his now, yet who reached out from the ignominy of death through the boy, the boy -But surely if the boy had destroyed any of his Horcruxes, he, Lord Voldemort, would have known, would have felt it? He, the greatest wizard of them all	 he, the most powerful	 he, the killer of Dumbledore and of how many other worthless, nameless men. How could Lord Voldemort not have known, if he, himself, most important and precious, had been attacked, mutilated?True, he had not felt it when the diary had been destroyed, but he had thought that was because he had no body to fell, being less than ghost... No, surely, the rest were safe... The other Horcruxes must be intact...But he must know, he must be sure... He paced the room, kicking aside the goblin's corpse as he passed, and the pictures blurred and burned in his boiling brain: the lake, the shack, and Hogwarts -A modicum of calm cooled his rage now. How could the boy know that he had hidden the ring in the Gaunt shack? No one had ever known him to be related to the Gaunts, he had hidden the connection, the killings had never been traced to him. The ring, surely, was safe.And how could the boy, or anybody else, know about the cave or penetrate its protection? The idea of the locket being stolen was absurd...As for the school: He alone knew where in Hogwarts he had stowed the Horcrux, because he alone had plumed the deepest secrets of that place...And there was still Nagini, who must remain close now, no longer sent to do his bidding, under his protection...But to be sure, to be utterly sure, he must return to each of his hiding places, he must redouble protection around each of his Horcruxes... A job, like the quest for the Elder Wand, that he must undertake alone...Which should he visit first, which was in most danger? An old unease flickered inside him. Dumbledore had known his middle name... Dumbledore might have made the connection with the Gaunts... Their abandoned home was, perhaps, the least secure of his hiding places, it was there that he would go first...The lake, surely impossible... though was there a slight possibility that Dumbledore might have known some of his past misdeeds, through the orphanage.And Hogwarts... but he knew the his Horcrux there was safe	 it would be impossible for Potter to enter Hogsmeade without detection, let alone the school. Nevertheless, it would be prudent to alert Snape to the fact that the boy might try to reenter the castle.... To tell Snape why the boy might return would be foolish, of course	 it had been a grave mistake to trust Bellatrix and Malfoy. Didn't their stupidity and carelessness prove how unwise it was ever to trust?He would visit the Gaunt shack first, then, and take Nagini with him. He would not be parted from the snake anymore... and he strode from the room, through the hall, and out into the dark garden where the fountain played
Deathly Hallows=Harry's feet touched the road. He saw the achingly familiar Hogsmeade High Street: dark shop fronts, and the mist line of black mountains beyond the village and the curve in the road ahead that led off toward Hogwarts, and light spilling from the windows of the Three Broomsticks, and with a lurch of the hear, he remembered with piercing accuracy, how he had landed here nearly a year before, supporting a desperately weak Dumbledore, all this in a second, upon landing C and then, even as he relaxed his grip upon Ron's and Hermione's arms, it happened.The air was rent by a scream that sounded like Voldemort's when he had realized the cup had been stolen: It tore at every nerve in Harry's body, and he knew that their appearance had caused it.Even as he looked at the other two beneath the Cloak, the door of the Three Broomsticks burst open and a dozen cloaked and hooded Death Eaters dashed into the streets, their wands aloft.Harry seized Ron's wrist as he raised his wand	 there were too many of them to run. Even attempting it would have give away their position. One of the Death Eaters raised his wand, and the scream stopped, still echoing around the distant mountains.Accio Cloak! roared one of the Death Eaters Harry seized his folds, but it made no attempt to escape. The Summoning Charm had not worked on it.Not under your wrapper, then, Potter? yelled the Death Eater who had tried the charm and then to his fellows. Spread now. He's here.Six of the Death Eaters ran toward them: Harry, Ron and Hermione backed as quickly as possible down the nearest side street, and the Death Eaters missed them by inches. They waited in the darkness, listening to the footsteps running up and down, beams of light flying along the street from the Death Eaters' searching wands.Let's just leave! Hermione whispered. Disapparate now!Great idea, said Ron, but before Harry could reply, a Death Eater shouted, We know you are here, Potter, and there's no getting away! We'll find you!They were ready for us, whispered Harry. They set up that spell to tell them we'd come. I reckon they've done something to keep us here, trap us C What about dementors? called another Death Eater. Let'em have free rein, they'd find him quick enough!The Dark Lord wants Potter dead by no hands but his C  'an dementors won't kill him! The Dark Lord wants Potter's life, nor his soul. He'll be easier to kill if he's been Kissed first!There were noises of agreement. Dread filled Harry: To repel dementors they would have to produce Patronuses which would give them away immediately.We're going to have to try to Disapparate, Harry! Hermione whispered.Even as she said it, he felt the unnatural cold being spread over the street. Light was sucked from the environment right up to the stars, which vanished. In the pitch blackness, he felt Hermione take hold of his arm and together, they turned on the spot.The air through which they needed to move, seemed to have become solid: They could not Disapparate	 the Death Eaters had cast their charms well. The cold was biting deeper and deeper into Harry's flesh. He, Ron and Hermione retreated down the side street, groping their way along the wall trying not to make a sound. Then, around the corner, gliding noiselessly, came dementors, ten or more of them, visible because they were of a denser darkness than their surroundings, with their black cloaks and their scabbed and rotting hands. Could they sense fear in the vicinity? Harry was sure of it: They seemed to be coming more quickly now, taking those dragging, rattling breaths he detested, tasting despair in the air, closing in - He raised his wand: He could not, would not suffer the Dementor's Kiss, whatever happened afterward. It was of Ron and Hermione that he thought as he whispered Expecto Patronum!The silver stag burst from his wand and charged: The Dementors scattered and there was a triumphant yell from somewhere out of sightIt's him, down there, down there, I saw his Patronus, it was a stag!The Dementors have retreated, the stars were popping out again and the footsteps of the Death Eaters were becoming louder	 but before Harry in his panic could decide what to do, there was a grinding of bolts nearby, a door opened on the left-side of the narrow street, and a rough voice said: Potter, in here, quick!He obeyed without hesitation, the three of them hurried through the open doorway.Upstairs, keep the Cloak on, keep quiet! muttered a tall figure, passing them on his way into the street and slammed the door behind him.Harry had had no idea where they were, but now he saw, by the stuttering light of a single candle, the grubby, sawdust bar of the Hog's Head Inn. They ran behind the counter and through a second doorway, which led to a trickery wooden staircase, that they climbed as fast as they could. The stairs opened into a sitting room with a durable carpet and a small fireplace, above which hung a single large oil painting of a blonde girl who gazed out at the room with a kind of a vacant sweetness.Shouts reached from the streets below. Still wearing the Invisibility Cloak on, they hurried toward the grimy window and looked down. Their savior, whom Harry now recognized as the Hog's Head's barman, was the only person not wearing a hood.So what? he was bellowing into one of the hooded faces. So what? You send dementors down my street, I'll send a Patronus back at'em! I'm not having'em near me, I've told you that. I'm not having it!That wasn't your Patronus, said a Death Eater. That was a stag. It was Potter's!Stag! roared the barman, and he pulled out a wand. Stag! You idiot C Expecto Patronum!Something huge and horned erupted from the wand. Head down, it charged toward the High Street, and out of sight.That's not what I saw said the Death Eater, though was less certainly Curfew's been broken, you heard the noise, one of his companions told the barman. Someone was out on the streets against regulations C If I want to put my cat out, I will, and be damned to your curfew!You set off the Caterwauling Charm?What if I did? Going to cart me off to Azkaban? Kill me for sticking my nose out my own front door? Do it, then, if you want to! But I hope for your sakes you haven't pressed your little Dark Marks, and summoned him. He's not going to like being called here, for me and my old cat, is he, now?Don't worry about us. said one of the Death Eaters, worry about yourself, breaking curfew!And where will you lot traffic potions and poisons when my pub's closed down? What will happen to your little sidelines then?Are you threatening C?I keep my mouth shut, it's why you come here, isn't it?I still say I saw a stag Patronus! shouted the first Death Eater.Stag? roared the barman. It's a goat, idiot!All right, we made a mistake, said the second Death Eater. Break curfew again and we won't be so lenient!The Death Eaters strode back towards the High Street. Hermione moaned with relief, wove out from under the Cloak, and sat down on a wobble-legged chair. Harry drew the curtains then pulled the Cloak off himself and Ron. They could hear the barman down below, rebolting the door of the bar, then climbing the stairs.Harry's attention was caught by something on the mantelpiece: a small, rectangular mirror, propped on top of it, right beneath the portrait of the girl.The barman entered the room.You bloody fools, he said gruffly, looking from one to the other of them. What were you thinking, coming here?Thank you, said Harry. You can't thank you enough. You saved our lives!The barman grunted. Harry approached him looking up into the face: trying to see past the long, stringy, wire-gray hair beard. He wore spectacles. Behind the dirty lenses, the eyes were a piercing, brilliant blue.It's your eye I've been seeing in the mirror.There was a silence in the room. Harry and the barman looked at each other.You sent Dobby.The barman nodded and looked around for the elf.Thought he'd be with you. Where've you left him?He's dead, said Harry, Bellatrix Lestrange killed him.The barman face was impassive. After a few moments he said, I'm sorry to hear it, I liked that elf.He turned away, lightning lamps with prods of his wand, not looking at any of them.You're Aberforth, said Harry to the man's back.He neither confirmed or denied it, but bent to light the fire.How did you get this? Harry asked, walking across to Sirius's mirror, the twin of the one he had broken nearly two years before.Bought it from Dung 'bout a year ago, said Aberforth. Albus told me what it was. Been trying to keep an eye out for you.Ron gasped.The silver doe, he said excitedly, Was that you too?What are you talking about? asked Aberforth.Someone sent a doe Patronus to us!Brains like that, you could be a Death Eater, son. Haven't I just prove my Patronus is a goat?Oh, said Ron, Yeah... well, I'm hungry! he added defensively as his stomach gave an enormous rumble.I got food, said Aberforth, and he sloped out of the room, reappearing moments later with a large loaf of bread, some cheese, and a pewter jug of mead, which he set upon a small table in front of the fire.Ravenous, they ate and drank, and for a while there was sound of chewing.Right then, said Aberforth when the had eaten their fill and Harry and Ron sat slumped dozily in their chairs. We need to think of the best way to get you out of here. Can't be done by night, you heard what happens if anyone moves outdoors during darkness: Caterwauling Charm's set off, they'll be onto you like bowtruckles on doxy eggs. I don't reckon I'll be able to pass of a stag as a goat a second time. Wait for daybreak when curfew lifts, then you can put your Cloak back on and set out on foot. Get right out of Hogsmeade, up into the mountains, and you'll be able to Disapparate there. Might see Hagrid. He's been hiding in a cave up there with Grawp ever since they tried to arrest him.We're not leaving, said Harry. We need to get into Hogwarts.Don't be stupid, boy, said Aberforth.We've got to, said Harry.What you've got to do, said Aberforth, leaning forward, is to get as far from here as from here as you can.You don't understand. There isn't much time. We've got to get into the castle. Dumbledore C I mean, your brother C wanted us C The firelight made the grimy lenses of Aberforth's glasses momentarily opaque, a bright flat white, and Harry remembered the blind eyes of the giant spider, Aragog.My brother Albus wanted a lot of things, said Aberforth, and people had a habit of getting hurt while he was carrying out his grand plans. You get away from this school, Potter, and out of the country if you can. Forget my brother and his clever schemes. He's gone where none of this can hurt him, and you don't owe him anything.You don't understand. said Harry again.Oh, don't I? said Aberforth quietly. You don't think I understood my own brother? Think you know Albus better than I did?I didn't mean that, said Harry, whose brain felt sluggish with exhaustion and from the surfeit of food and wine. It's... he left me a job.Did he now? said Aberforth. Nice job, I hope? Pleasant? Easy? Sort of thing you'd expect an unqualified wizard kid to be able to do without overstretching themselves?Ron gave a rather grim laugh. Hermione was looking strained.I-it's not easy, no, said Harry. But I've got to C Got to? Why got to? He's dead, isn't he? said Aberforth roughly. Let it go, boy, before you follow him! Save yourself!I can't.Why not?I C  Harry felt overwhelmed	 he could not explain, so he took the offensive instead. But you're fighting too, you're in the Order of the Phoenix C I was, said Aberforth. The Order of the Phoenix is finished. You-Know-Who's won, it's over, and anyone who's pretending different's kidding themselves. It'll never be safe for you here, Potter, he wants you too badly. So go abroad, go into hiding, save yourself. Best take these two with you. He jerked a thumb at Ron and Hermione.They'll be in danger long as they live now everyone knows they've been working with you.I can't leave, said Harry. I've got a job C Give it to someone else!I can't. It's got to be me, Dumbledore explained it all C Oh, did he now? And did he tell you everything, was he honest with you?Harry wanted him with all his heart to say Yes, but somehow the simple word would not rise to his lips, Aberforth seemed to know what he was thinking.I knew my brother, Potter. He learned secrecy at our mother's knee. Secrets and lies, that's how we grew up, and Albus... he was a natural.The old man's eyes traveled to the painting of the girl over the mantelpiece. It was, now Harry looked around properly, the only picture in the room. There was no photograph of Albus Dumbledore, nor of anyone else.Mr. Dumbledore said Hermione rather timidly. Is that your sister? Ariana?Yes. said Aberforth tersely. Been reading Rita Skeeter, have you, missy?Even by the rosy light of the fire it was clear that Hermione had turned red.Elphias Doge mentioned her to us, said Harry, trying to spare Hermione.That old berk, muttered Aberforth, taking another swig of mead. Thought the sun shone out of my brother's every ocrifice, he did. Well, so did plenty of people, you three included, by the looks of it.Harry kept quiet. He did not want to express the doubts and uncertainties about Dumbledore that had riddled him for months now. He had made his choice while he dug Dobby's grave, he had decided to continue along the winding, dangerous path indicated for him by Albus Dumbledore, to accept that he had not been told everything that he wanted to know, but simply to trust. He had no desire to doubt again	 he did not want o hear anything that would deflect him from his purpose. He met Aberforth's gaze, which was so strikingly like his brothers': The bright blue eyes gave the same impression that they were X-raying the object of their scrutiny, and Harry thought that Aberforth knew what he was thinking and despised him for it.Professor Dumbledore cared about Harry, very much, said Hermione in a low voice.Did he now? said Aberforth. Funny thing how many of the people my brother cared about very much ended up in a worse state than if he'd left 'em well alone.What do you mean? asked Hermione breathlessly.Never you mind, said Aberforth.But that's a really serious thing to say! said Hermione. Are you C are you talking about your sister?Aberforth glared at her: His lips moved as if he were chewing the words he was holding back. Then he burst into speech.When my sister was six years old, she was attacked, by three Muggle boys. They'd seen her doing magic, spying through the back garden hedge: She was a kid, she couldn't control it, no witch or wizard can at that age. What they saw, scared them, I expect. They forced their way through the hedge, and when she couldn't show them the trick, they got a bit carried away trying to stop the little freak doing it.Hermione's eyes were huge in the firelight	 Ron looked slightly sick. Aberforth stood up, tall as Albus, and suddenly terrible in his anger and the intensity of his pain.It destroyed her, what they did: She was never right again. She wouldn't use magic, but she couldn't get rid of it	 it turned inward and drove her mad, it exploded out of her when she couldn't control it, and at times she was strange and dangerous. But mostly she was sweet and scared and harmless.And my father went after the bastards that did it, said Aberforth, and attacked them. And they locked him up in Azkaban for it. He never said why he'd done it, because the Ministry had known what Ariana had become, she'd have been locked up in St. Mungo's for good. They'd have seen her as a serious threat to the International Statute of Secrecy, unbalanced like she was, with magic exploding out of her at moments when she couldn't keep it in any longer.We had to keep her safe and quiet. We moved house, put it about she was ill, and my mother looked after her, and tried to keep her calm and happy.I was her favourite, he said, and as he said it, a grubby schoolboy seemed to look out through Aberforth's wrinkles and wrangled beard. Not Albus, he was always up in his bedroom when he was home, reading his books and counting his prizes, keeping up with his correspondence with the most notable magical names of the day,Aberforth succored. He didn't want to be bothered with her. She liked me best. I could get her to eat when she wouldn't do it for my mother, I could calm her down, when she was in one of her rages, and when she was quiet, she used to help me feed the goats.Then, when she was fourteen... See, I wasn't there. said Aberforth. If I'd been there, I could have calmed her down. She had one of her rages, and my mother wasn't as young as she was, and... it was an accident. Ariana couldn't control it. But my mother was killed.Harry felt a horrible mixture of pity and repulsion	 he did not want to hear any more, but Aberforth kept talking, and Harry wondered how long it had been since he had spoken about this	 whether, in fact, he had ever spoken about it.So that put paid to Albus's trip round the world with little Doge. The pair of 'em came home for my mother's funeral and then Doge went off on his own, and Albus settled down as head of the family. Ha!Aberforth spat into the fire.I'd have looked after her, I told him so, I didn't care about school, I'd have stayed home and done it.He told me I had to finish my education and he'd take over from my mother. Bit of a comedown for Mr. Brilliant, there's no prizes for looking after your half-mad sister, stopping her blowing up the house every other day. But he did all right for a few weeks... till he came.And now a positively dangerous look crept over Aberforth's face.Grindelwald. And at last, my brother had an equal to talk to someone just as bright and talented he was. And looking after Ariana took a backseat then, while they were hatching all their plans for a new Wizarding order and looking for Hallows, and whatever else it was they were so interested in. Grand plans for the benefit of all Wizardkind, and if one young girl neglected, what did that matter, when Albus was working for the greater good?But after a few weeks of it, I'd had enough, I had. It was nearly time for me to go hack to Hogwarts, so I told 'em, both of 'em, face-to-face, like I am to you, now, and Aberforth looked downward Harry, and it took a little imagination to see him as a teenager, wiry and angry, confronting his elder brother. I told him, you'd better give it up now. You can't move her, she's in no fit state, you can't take her with you, wherever it is you're planning to go, when you're making your clever speeches, trying to whip yourselves up a following. He didn't like that. said Aberforth, and his eyes were briefly occluded by the fireflight on the lenses of his glasses: They turned white and blind again. Grindelwald didn't like that at all. He got angry. He told me what a stupid little boy I was, trying to stand in the way of him and my brilliant brother... Didn't I understand, my poor sister wouldn't have to be hidden once they'd changed the world, and led the wizards out of hiding, and taught the Muggles their place?And there was an argument... and I pulled my wand, and he pulled out his, and I had the Cruciatus Curse used on me by my brother's best friend C and Albus was trying to stop him, and then all three of us were dueling, and the flashing lights and the bangs set her off, she couldn't stand it C The color was draining from Aberforth's face as though he had suffered a mortal wound. C and I think she wanted to help, but she didn't really know what she was doing, and I don't know which of us did it, it could have been any of us C and she was dead.His voice broke on the last word and he dropped down into the nearest chair. Hermione's face was wet with tears, and Ron was almost as pale as Aberforth. Harry felt nothing but revulsion: He wished he had not heard it, wished he could wash is mind clean of it.I'm so... I'm so sorry, Hermione whispered.Gone, croaked Aberforth. Gone forever.He wiped his nose on hiss cuff and cleared his throat. 'Course, Grindelwald scarpered. He had a bit of a track record already, back in his own country, and he didn't want Ariana set to his account too. And Albus was free, wasn't he? Free of the burden of his sister, free to become the greatest wizard of the C He was never free, said Harry.I beg your pardon? said Aberforth.Never, said Harry. The night that your brother died, he drank a potion that drove him out of his mind. He started screaming, pleading with someone who wasn't there. 'Don't hurt them, please... hurt me instead.' Ron and Hermione were staring at Harry. He had never gone into details about what had happened on the island on the lake.The events that had taken place after he and Dumbledore had returned to Hogwarts had eclipsed it so thoroughly.He thought he was back there with you and Grindelwald, I know he did, said Harry, remembering Dumbledore whispering, pleading.He thought he was watching Grindelwald hurting you and Ariana... It was torture to him, if you'd seen him then, you wouldn't say he was free.Aberforth seemed lost in contemplation of his own knotted and veined hands. After a long pause he said. How can you be sure, Potter, that my brother wasn't more interested in the greater good than in you? How can you be sure you aren't dispensable, just like my little sister?A shard of ice seemed to pierce Harry's heart.I don't believe it. Dumbledore loved Harry, said Hermione.Why didn't he tell him to hide, then? shot back Aberforth. Why didn't he say to him, 'Take care of yourself, here's how to survive'?Because, said Harry before Hermione could answer, sometimes you've got to think about more than your own safety! Sometimes you've got to think about the greater good! This is war!You're seventeen, boy!I'm of age, and I'm going to keep fighting even if you've given up!Who says I've given up?The Order of the Phoenix is finished, Harry repeated, You-Know-Who's won, it's over, and anyone who's pretending different's kidding themselves.I don't say I like it, but it's the truth!No, it isn't. said Harry. Your brother knew how to finish You-Know-Who and he passed the knowledge on to me. I'm going to keep going until I succeed C or I die. Don't think I don't know how this might end. I've known it for years.He waited for Aberforth to jeer or to argue, but he did not. He merely moved.We need to get into Hogwarts, said Harry again. If you can't help us, we'll wait till daybreak, leave you in peace, and try to find a way in ourselves. If you can help us C well, now would be a great time to mention it.Aberforth remained fixed in his chair, gazing at Harry with the eye, that were so extraordinarily like his brother's. At last he cleared his throat, got to his feet, walked around the little table, and approached the portrait of Ariana.You know what to do, he said.She smiled, turned, and walked away, not as people in portraits usually did, one of the sides of their frames, but along what seemed to be a long tunnel painted behind her. They watched her slight figure retreating until finally she was swallowed by the darkness.Er C what C? began Ron.There's only one way in now, said Aberforth. You must know they've got all the old secret passageways covered at both ends, dementors all around the boundary walls, regular patrols inside the school from what my sources tell me. The place has never been so heavily guarded.How you expect to do anything once you get inside it, with Snape in charge and the Carrows as his deputies... well, that's your lookout, isn't it? You say you're prepared to die.But what...? said Hermione, frowning at Ariana's picture.A tiny white dot reappeared at the end of the painted tunnel, and now Ariana was walking back toward them, growing bigger and bigger as she came. But there was somebody else with her now, someone taller than she was, who was limping along, looking excited. His hair was longer than Harry had ever seen. He appeared and torn. Larger and larger the two figures grew, until only their heads and shoulders filled the portrait.Then the whole thing swang forward on the wall like a little door, and the entrance to a real tunnel was revealed. And out of it, his hair overgrown, his face cut, his robes ripped, clambered the real Neville Longbottom, who gave a roar of delight, leapt down from the mantelpiece and yelled.I knew you'd come! I knew it, Harry!,191,Deathly Hallows,28				
Deathly Hallows=Neville C what the C how C?But Neville had spotted Ron and Hermione, and with yells of delight was hugging them too. The longer Harry looked at Neville, the worse he appeared: One of his eyes was swollen yellow and purple, there were gouge marks on his face, and his general air of unkemptness suggested that he had been living enough. Nevertheless, his battered visage shone with happiness as he let go of Hermione and said again, I knew you'd come! Kept telling Seamus it was a matter of time!Neville, what's happened to you?What? This? Neville dismissed his injuries with a shake of the head. This is nothing, Seamus is worse. You'll see. Shall we get going then? Oh, he turned to Aberforth, Ab, there might be a couple more people to the way.Couple more? repeated Aberforth ominously. What d'you mean, a couple more, Longbottom? There's a curfew and a Camwaulding Charm on the whole village!I know, that's why they'll be Apparating directly into the bar, said Neville. Just send them down the passage when they get here, will you? Thanks a lot.Neville held out his hand to Hermione and helped her to climb up onto the mantelpiece and into the tunnel	 Ron followed, then Neville. Harry addressed Aberforth.I don't know how to thank you. You've saved our lives twice.Look after 'em, then, said Aberforth gruffly. I might not be able to save 'em a third time.Harry chambered up onto the mantelpiece and through the hole behind Ariana's portrait. There were smooth stone steps on the other side: It looked as though the passageway had been there for years. Brass lamps hung from the walls and the earthy floor was worn and smooth	 as they walked, their shadows rippled, fanlike, across the wall.How long's this been here? Ron asked as they set off. It isn't on the Marauder's Map, is it Harry? I thought there were only seven passages in and out of school?They sealed off all of those before the start of the year, said Neville. There's no chance of getting through any of them now, not with the curses over the entrances and Death Eaters and dementors waiting at the exits. He started walking backward, beaming, drinking them in. Never mind that stuff ... Is it true? Did you break into Gringotts? Did you escape on a dragon? It's everywhere, everyone's talking about it, Terry Boot got beaten up by Carrow for yelling about it in the Great Hall at dinner!Yeah, it's true, said Harry.Neville laughed gleefully.What did you do with the dragon?Released it into the wild, said Ron. Hermione was all for keeping it as a petDon't exaggerate, Ron C But what have you been doing? People have been saying you've just been on the run, Harry, but I don't think so. I think you've been up to something.You're right, said Harry, but tell us about Hogwarts, Neville, we haven't heard anything.It's been .... Well, it's not really like Hogwarts anymore, said Neville, the smile fading from his face as he spoke. Do you know about the Carrows?Those two Death Eaters who teach here?They do more than teach, said Neville. They're in charge of all discipline. They like punishment, the Carrows.Like Umbridge?Nah, they make her look tame. The other teachers are all supposed to refer us to the Carrows if we do anything wrong. They don't, though, if they can avoid it. You can tell they all hate them as much as we do.Amycus, the bloke, he teaches what used to be Defense Against the Dark Arts, except now it's just the Dark Arts. We're supposed to practice the Cruciatus Curse on people who've earned detentions C What?Harry, Ron, and Hermione's united voices echoed up and down the passage.Yeah, said Neville. That's how I got this one, he pointed at a particularly deep gash in his cheek, I refused to do it. Some people are into it, though	 Crabbe and Goyle love it. First time they've ever been top in anything, I expect.Alecto, Amycus's sister, teaches Muggle Studies, which is compulsory for everyone. We've all got to listen to her explain how Muggles are like animals, stupid and dirty, and how they drive wizards into hiding by being vicious toward them, and how the natural order is being reestablished. I got this one, he indicated another slash to his face, for asking her how much Muggle blood she and her brother have got.Blimey, Neville, said Ron, there's a time and a place for getting a smart mouth.You didn't see her, said Neville. You wouldn't have stood it either. The thing is, it helps when people stand up to them, it gives everyone hope. I used to notice that when you did it, Harry.But they've used you as a knife sharpener, said Ron, winding slightly as they passed a lamp and Neville's injuries were thrown into even greater relief.Neville shrugged.Doesn't matter. They don't want to spill too much pure blood, so they'll torture us a bit if we're mouthy but they won't actually kill us.Harry did not know what was worse, the things that Neville was saying or the matter-of-fact tone in which he said them.The only people in real danger are the ones whose friends and relatives on the outside are giving trouble. They get taken hostage. Old Xeno Lovegood was getting a bit too outspoken in The Quibbler, so they dragged Luna off the train on the way back for Christmas.Neville, she's all right, we've seen her C Yeah, I know, she managed to get a message to me.From his pocket he pulled a golden coin, and Harry recognized it as one of the fake Galleons that Dumbledore's Army had used to send one another messages.These have been great, said Neville, beaming at Hermione. The Carrows never rumbled how we were communicating, it drove them mad. We used to sneak out at night and put graffiti on the walls: Dumbledore's Army, Still Recruiting, stuff like that. Snape hated it.You used to? said Harry, who had noticed the past tense.Well, it got more difficult as time went on. said Neville. We lost Luna at Christmas, and Ginny never came back after Easter, and the three of us were sort of the leaders. The Carrows seemed to know I was behind a lot of it, so they started coming down on me hard, and then Michael Corner went and got caught releasing a first-year they'd chained up, and they tortured him pretty badly. That scared people off.No kidding, muttered Ron, as the passage began to slope upward.Yeah, well, I couldn't ask people to go through what Michael did, so we dropped those kinds of stunts. But we were still fighting, doing underground stuff, right up until a couple of weeks ago. That's when they decided there was only one way to stop me, I suppose, and they went for Gran.They what? said Harry, Ron, and Hermione together.Yeah, said Neville, panting a little now, because the passage was climbing so steeply, well, you can see their thinking. It had worked really well, kidnapping kids to force their relatives to behave. I s'pose it was only a matter of time before they did it the other way around. Thing was, he faced them, and Harry was astonished to see that he was grinning, they bit off a bit more than they could chew with Gran. Little old witch living alone, they probably thought hey didn't need to send anyone particularly powerful. Anyway, Neville laughed, Dawlish is still in St. Mungo's and Gran's on the run. She sent me a letter, he clapped a hand to the breast pocket of his robes, telling me she was proud of me, that I'm my parent's son, and to keep it up.Cool, said Ron.Yea, said Neville happily. Only thing was, once they realized they had no hold over me, they decided Hogwarts could do without me after all. I don't know whether they were planning to kill me or send me to Azkaban, either way, I knew it was time to disappear.But, said Ron, looking thoroughly confused, aren't C aren't we heading straight back for Hogwarts?'Course, said Neville. You'll see. We're here.They turned a corner and there ahead of them was the end of the passage. Another short flight of steps led to a door just like the one hidden behind Ariana's portrait. Neville pushed it open and climbed through. As Harry followed, he heard Neville call out for unseen people:Look who it is! Didn't I tell you?As Harry emerged into the room behind the passage, there were several screams and yells: HARRY!It's Potter, it's POTTER!Ron!Hermione!He had a confused impression of colored hangings, of lamps and many faces. The next moment, he, Ron, and Hermione were engulfed, hugged, pounded on the back, their hair ruffled, their hands shaken, by what seemed to be more than twenty people. They might have just won a Quidditch final.Okay, okay, calm down! Neville called, and as the crowd backed away, Harry was able to take in their surroundings.He did not recognize the dorm at all. It was enormous, and looked rather like the interior of a particularly sumptuous tree house, or perhaps a gigantic ship's cabin. Multicolored hammocks were strung from the ceiling and from the balcony that ran around the dark wood-paneled and windowless walls, which were covered in bright tapestry hangings. Harry saw the gold Gryffindor lion, emblazoned on scarlet	 the black badger of Hufflepuff, set against yellow	 and the bronze eagle of Ravenclaw, on blue. The silver and green of Slytherin alone were absent. There were bulging bookcases, a few broomsticks propped against the walls, and in the corner, a large wood-cased wireless.Where are we?Room of Requirement, of course! said Neville. Surpassed itself, hasn't it? The Carrows were chasing me, and I knew I had just one chance for a hideout: I managed to get through the door and this is what I found! Well, it wasn't exactly like this when I arrived, it was a load smaller, there was only one hammock and just Gryffindor hangings. But it's expanded as more and more of the D.A. have arrived.And the Carrows can't get in? asked Harry, looking around for the door.No, said Seamus Finnigan, whom Harry had not recognized until he spoke: Seamus's face was bruised and puffy. It's a proper hideout, as long as one of us stays in here, they can't get at us, the door won't open. It's all down to Neville. He really gets this room. You've got to ask for exactly what you need C like, 'I don't want any Carrow supporters to be able to get in' C and it'll do it for you! You've just got to make sure you close the loopholes. Neville's the man!It's quite straightforward, really, said Neville modestly. I'd been in here about a day and a half, and getting really hungry, and wishing I could get something to eat, and that's when the passage to Hog's Head opened up. I went through it and met Aberforth. He's been providing us with food, because for some reason, that's the one thing the room doesn't really do.Yeah, well, food's one of the five exceptions to Gamp's Law of Elemental Transfiguration, said Ron to general astonishment.So we've been hiding out here for nearly two weeks, said Seamus, and it just makes more hammocks every time we need room, and it even sprouted a pretty good bathroom once girls started turning up C  C and thought they'd quite like to wash, yes, supplied Lavender Brown, whom Harry had not noticed until that point. Now that he looked around properly, he recognized many familiar faces. Both Patil twins were there, as were Terry Boot, Ernie Macmillan, Anthony Goldstein, and Michael Corner.Tell us what you've been up to, though, said Ernie. There've been so many rumors, we've been trying to keep up with you on Potterwatch. He pointed at the wireless. You didn't break into Gringotts?They did! said Neville. And the dragon's true too!There was a smattering of applause and a few whoops	 Ron took a bow.What were you after? asked Seamus eagerly.Before any of them could parry the question with one of their own, Harry felt a terrible, scorching pain in the lightning scar. As he turned his back hastily on the curious and delighted faces, the Room of Requirement vanished, and he was standing inside a ruined stone shack, and the rotting floorboards were ripped apart at his feet, a disinterred golden box lay open and empty beside the hole, and Voldemort's scream of fury vibrated inside his head.With an enormous effort he pulled out of Voldemort's mind again, back to where he stood, swaying, in the Room of Requirement, sweat pouring from his face and Ron holding him up.Are you all right, Harry? Neville was saying. What to sit down? I expect you're tired, aren't C?No, said Harry. He looked at Ron and Hermione, trying to tell them without words that Voldemort had just discovered the loss of one of the other Horcruxes. Time was running out fast: If Voldemort chose to visit Hogwarts next, they would miss their chance.We need to get going, he said, and their expressions told him that they understood.What are we going to do, then, Harry? asked Seamus. What's the plan?Plan? repeated Harry. He was exercising all his willpower to prevent himself succumbing again to Voldemort's rage: His scar was still burning. Well, there's something we C Ron, Hermione, and I C need to do, and then we'll get out of here.Nobody was laughing or whooping anymore. Neville looked confused.What d'you mean, 'get out of here'?We haven't come back to stay, said Harry, rubbing his scar, trying to soothe the pain. There's something important we need to do C What is it?I C I can't tell you.There was a ripple of muttering at this: Neville's brows contracted.Why can't you tell us? It's something to do with fighting You-Know-Who, right?Well, yeah C Then we'll help you.The other members of Dumbledore's Army were nodding, some enthusiastically, others solemnly. A couple of them rose from their chairs to demonstrate their willingness for immediate action.You don't understand, Harry seemed to have said that a lot in the last few hours. We C we can't tell you. We've got to do it C alone.Why? asked Neville.Because ... In his desperation to start looking for the missing Horcrux, or at least have a private discussion with Ron and Hermione about where they might commence their search. Harry found it difficult to gather his thoughts. His scar was still searing. Dumbledore left the three of us a job, he said carefully, and we weren't supposed to tell C I mean, he wanted us to do it, just the three of us.We're his army, said Neville. Dumbledore's Army. We were all in it together, we've been keeping it going while you three have been off on your own C It hasn't exactly been a picnic, mate, said Ron.I never said it had, but I don't see why you can't trust us. Everyone in this room's been fighting and they've been driven in here because the Carrows were hunting them down. Everyone in here's proven they're loyal to Dumbledore C loyal to you.Look, Harry began, without knowing what he was going to say, but it did not matter. The tunnel door had just opened behind him.We got your message, Neville! Hello you three, I thought you must be here!It was Luna and Dean. Seamus gave a great roar of delight and ran to hug his best friend.Hi, everyone! said Luna happily. Oh, it's great to be back!Luna, said Harry distractedly, what are you doing here? How did you C?I sent for her, said Neville, holding up the fake Galleon. I promised her and Ginny that if you turned up I'd let them know. We all thought that if you came back, it would mean revolution. That we were going to overthrow Snape and the Carrows.Of course that's what it means, said Luna brightly. Isn't it, Harry? We're going to fight them out of Hogwarts?Listen, said Harry with a rising sense of panic, I'm sorry, but that's not what we came back for. There's something we've got to do, and then C You're going to leave us in this mess? demanded Michael Cornet.No! said Ron. What we're doing will benefit everyone in the end, it's all about trying to get rid of You-Know-Who C Then let us help! said Neville angrily. We want to be a part of it!There was another noise behind them, and Harry turned. His heart seemed to fall: Ginny was now climbing through the hole in the wall, closely followed by Fred, George, and Lee Jordan. Ginny gave Harry a radiant smile: He had forgotten, he had never fully appreciated, how beautiful she was, but he had never been less pleased to see her.Aberforth's getting a bit annoyed, said Fred, raising his hand in answer to several cries of greeting. He wants a kip, and his bar's turned into a railway station.Harry's mouth fell open. Right behind Lee Jordan came Harry's old girlfriend, Cho Chang. She smiled at him.I got the message, she said, holding up her own fake Galleon and she walked over to sit beside Michael Corner.So what's the plan, Harry? said George.There isn't one, said Harry, still disoriented by the sudden appearance of all these people, unable to take everything in while his scar was still burning so fiercely.Just going to make it up as we go along, are we? My favorite kind, said Fred.You've got to stop this! Harry told Neville. What did you call them all back for? This is insane C We're fighting, aren't we? said Dean, taking out his fake Galleon. The message said Harry was back, and we were going to fight! I'll have to get a wand, though C You haven't got a wandC? began Seamus.Ron turned suddenly to Harry.Why can't they help?What?They can help. He dropped his voice and said, so that none of them could hear but Hermione, who stood between them, We don't know where it is. We've got to find it fast. We don't have to tell them it's a Horcrux.Harry looked from Ron to Hermione, who murmured, I think Ron's right. We don't even know what we're looking for, we need them. And when Harry looked unconvinced, You don't have to do everything alone, Harry.Harry thought fast, his scar still prickling, his head threatening to split again. Dumbledore had warned him against telling anyone but Ron and Hermione about the Horcruxes. Secrets and lies, that's how we grew up, and Albus ... he was a natural ... Was he turning into Dumbledore, keeping his secrets clutched to his chest, afraid to trust? But Dumbledore had trusted Snape, and where had that led? To murder at the top of the highest tower ...All right, he said quietly to the other two. Okay, he called to the room at large, and all noise ceased: Fred and George, who had been cracking jokes for the benefit of those nearest, fell silent, and all of the looked alert, excited.There's something we need to find, Harry said. Something C something that'll help us overthrow You-Know-Who. It's here at Hogwarts, but we don't know where. It might have belonged to Ravenclaw. Has anyone heard of an object like that? Has anyone come across something with her eagle on it, for instance?He looked hopefully toward the little group of Ravenclaws, to Padma, Michael, Terry, and Cho, but it was Luna who answered, perched on the arm of Ginny's chair.Well, there's her lost diadem. I told you about it, remember, Harry? The lost diadem of Ravenclaw? Daddy's trying to duplicate it.Yeah, but the lost diadem, said Michael Corner, rolling his eyes, is lost, Luna. That's sort of the point.When was it lost? asked Harry.Centuries ago, they say, said Cho, and Harry's heart sank. Professor Flitwick says the diadem vanished with Ravenclaw herself. People have looked, but, she appealed to her fellow Ravenclaws. Nobody's ever found a trace of it, have them?They all shook their heads.Sorry, but what is a diadem? asked Ron.It's a kind of crown, said Terry Boot. Ravenclaw's was supposed to have magical properties, enhance the wisdom of the wearer.Yes, Daddy's Wrackspurt siphons C But Harry cut across Luna.And none of you have ever seen anything that looks like it?They all shook their heads again. Harry looked at Ron and Hermione and his own disappointment was mirrored back at him. An object that had been lost this long, and apparently without trace, did not seem like a good candidate for the Horcrux hidden in the castle ... Before he could formulate a new question, however, Cho spoke again.If you'd like to see what the diadem's supposed to look like, I could take you up to our common room and show you, Harry. Ravenclaw's wearing it in her statue.Harry's scar scorched again: For a moment the Room of Requirement swam before him, and he saw instead the dark earth soaring beneath him and felt the great snake wrapped around his shoulders. Voldemort was flying again, whether to the underground lake or here, to the castle, he did not know: Either way, there was hardly any time left.He's on the move, he said quietly to Ron and Hermione. He glanced at Cho and then back at them. Listen, I know it's not much of a lead, but I'm going to go look at this statue, at least find out what the diadem looks like. Wait for me here and keep, you know C the other one C safe.Cho had got to her feet, but Ginny said rather fiercely, No, Luna will take Harry, won't you, Luna?Oooh, yes, I'd like to, said Luna happily, as Cho sat down again, looking disappointed.How do we get out? Harry asked Neville.Over here.He led Harry and Luna to a corner, where a small cupboard opened onto a steep staircase. It comes out somewhere different every day, so they've never been able to find it, he said. Only trouble is, we never know exactly where we're going to end up when we go out. Be careful, Harry, they're always patrolling the corridors at night.No problem, said Harry. See you in a bit.He and Luna hurried up the staircase, which was long, lit by torches, and turned corners in unexpected places. At last they reached what appeared to be solid wall.Get under here, Harry told Luna, pulling out the Invisibility Cloak and throwing it over both of them. He gave the wall a little push.It melted away at his touch and they slipped outside. Harry glanced back and saw that it had resealed itself at once. They were standing in a dark corridor. Harry pulled Luna back into the shadows, fumbled in the pouch around his neck, and took out the Marauder's Map. Holding it close to his nose he searched, and located his and Luna's dots at last.We're up on the fifth floor, he whispered, watching filch moving away from them, a corridor ahead. Come on, this way.They crept off.Harry had prowled the castle at night many times before, but never had his heart hammered that fast, never had so much depended on his safe passage through the place. Through squares of moonlight upon the floor, past suits of armor whose helmets creaked at the sound of their soft footsteps, around corners beyond which who knew what lurked. Harry and Luna walked, checking the Marauder's Map whenever light permitted, twice pausing to allow a ghost to pass without drawing attention to themselves. He expected to encounter an obstacle at any moment	 his worst fear was Peeves, and he strained his ears with every step to hear the first, telltale signs of the poltergeist's approach.The way, Harry, breathed Luna, plucking his sleeve and pulling him toward a spiral staircase.They climbed in tight, dizzying circles	 Harry had never been up here before. At last they reached a door. There was no handle and no keyhole: nothing but a plain expanse of aged wood, and a bronze knocker in the shape an eagle.Luna reached out a pale hand, which looked eerie floating in midair, unconnected to arm or body. She knocked once, and in the silence it sounded to Harry like a cannon blast. At once the beak of the eagle opened, but instead of a bird's called, a soft, musical voice said, Which came first, the phoenix or the flame?Hmm ... What do you think, Harry? said Luna, looking thoughtful.What? Isn't there a password?Oh no, you've got to answer a question, said Luna.What if you get it wrong?Well, you have to wait for somebody who gets it right, said Luna. That way you learn, you see?Yeah ... Trouble is, we can't really afford to wait for anyone else, Luna.No, I see what you mean, said Luna seriously. Well then, I think the answer is that a circle has no beginning.Well reasoned, said the voice, and the door swung open.The deserted Ravenclaw common room was a wide, circular room, airier than any Harry had ever seen at Hogwarts. Graceful arched windows punctuated the walls, which were hung with blue-and-bronze silks. By day, the Ravenclaws would have a spectacular view of the surrounding mountains. The ceiling was domed and painted with stars, which were echoed in the midnight-blue carpet. There were tables, chairs, and bookcases, and in a niche opposite the door stood a tall statue of white marble.Harry recognized Rowena Ravenclaw from the bust he had seen at Luna's house. The statue stood beside a door that led, he guessed, to dormitories above. He strode right up to the marble woman, and she seemed to look back at him with a quizzical half smile on her face, beautiful yet slightly intimidating. A delicate-looking circlet had been reproduced in marble on top of her head. It was not unlike the tiara Fleur had worn at her wedding. There were tiny words etched into it. Harry stepped out from under the Cloak and climbed up onto Ravenclaw's plinth to read them.'Wit beyond measure is man's greatest treasure.'Which makes you pretty skint, witless, said a cackling voice.Harry whirled around, slipped off the plinth, and landed on the floor. The sloping-shouldered figure of Alecto Carrow was standing before him, and even as Harry raised his wand, she pressed a stubby forefinger to the skull and snake branded on her forearm.,192,Deathly Hallows,29					
Deathly Hallows=The moment her finger touched the Mark, Harry's scar burned savagely, the starry room vanished from sight, and he was standing upon an outcrop of rock beneath a cliff, and the sea was washing around him and there was a triumph in his heart C They have the boy.A loud bang brought Harry back to where he stood. Disoriented, he raised his wand, but the witch before him was already falling forward	 she hit the ground so hard that the glass in the bookcases tinkled.I've never Stunned anyone except in our D.A. lessons, said Luna, sounding mildly interested. That was noisier than I though it would be.And sure enough, the ceiling had begun to tremble Scurrying, echoing footsteps were growing louder from behind the door leading to the dormitories. Luna's spell had woken Ravenclaws sleeping above.Luna, where are you? I need to get under the Cloak!Luna's feet appeared out of nowhere,	 he hurried to her side and she let the Cloak fall back over them as the door opened and a stream of Ravenclaws, all in their nightclothes, flooded into the common room. there were gasps and cries of surprise as they saw Alecto lying there unconscious. Slowly they shuffled in around her, a savage beast that might wake at any moment and attack them. Then one brave little first-year darted up to her and prodded her backside with his big toe.I think she might be dead! he shouted with delight.Oh look, whispered Luna happily, as the Ravenclaws crowded in around Alecto. They're pleased!Yeah... great...Harry closed his eyes, and as his scar throbbed he chose to sink again into Voldemort's mind.... He was moving along the tunnel into the first cave.... He had chosen to make sure of the locker before coming...but that would not take him long....There was a rap on the common room door and every Ravenclaw froze. From the other side, Harry heard the soft, musical voice that issued from the eagle door knocker: Where do Vanished objects go?I dunno, do I? Shut it! snarled an uncouth voice that Harry knew was that of the Carrow brother , Amycus, Alecto? Alecto? Are you there? Have you got him? Open the door!The Ravenclaws were whispering amongst themselves, terrified. Then without warning, there came a series of loud bangs, as though somebody was firing a gun into the door.ALECTO! If he comes, and we haven't got Potter C d'you want to go the same way as the Malfoys? ANSWER ME! Amycus bellowed, shaking the door for all he was worth, but still it did not open. The Ravenclaws were all backing away, and some of the most frightened began scampering back up the stair case to their beds. Then, just as Harry was wondering whether he ought not to blast open the door and Stun Amycus before the Death Eater could do anything else, a second, most familiar voice rang out beyond the door.May I ask what you are doing, Professor Carrow?Trying C to getC through this damned C door! shouted Amycus. Go and get Flitwick! Get him to open it, now!But isn't your sister in there asked Professor McGonagall. Didn't Professor Flitwick let her in earlier this evening, at your urgent request? Perhaps she could open the door for you? Then you needn't wake up half the castle.She ain't answering, you old besom! You open it! Darn! Do it, now!Certainly, if you wish it, said Professor McGonagall, with awful coldness, There was a genteel tap of the knocker and the musical voice asked again.Where do Vanished objects go?Into non being, which is to say, everything, replied Professor McGonagall.Nicely phrased, replied the eagle door knocker, and the door swung open.The few Ravenclaws who had remained behind sprinted for the stairs as Amycus burst over the threshold, brandishing his wand. Hunched like his sister, he had a pallid, doughy face and tiny eyes, which fell at once on Alecto, sprawled motionless on the floor. He let out a yell of fury and fear.What've they done, the little whelps? he screamed. I'll Cruciate the lot of 'em till they tell me who did it C and what's the Dark Lord going to say? he shrieked, standing over his sister and smacking himself on the forehead with his fist, We haven't got him, and they've gone and killed her!She's only Stunned, said Professor McGonagall impatiently, who had stooped down to examine Alecto. She'll be perfectly all right.No she bludgering well won't! bellowed Amycus. Not after the Dark Lord gets hold of her! She's gone and sent for him, I felt me Mark burn, and he thinks we've got Potter!'Got Potter'? said Professor McGonagall sharply, What do you mean, 'got Potter'?He told us Potter might try and get inside Ravenclaw Tower, and to send for him if we caught him!Why would Harry Potter try to get inside Ravenclaw Tower! Potter belongs in my House!Beneath the disbelief and anger, Harry heard a little strain of pride in her voice and affection for Minerva McGonagall gushed up inside him.We was told he might come in here! said Carrow. I dunno why, do I?Professor McGonagall stood up and her beady eyes swept the room. Twice they passed right over the place where Harry and Luna stood.We can push it off on the kids, said Amycus, his pig like face suddenly crafty. Yeah, that's what we'll do. We'll say Alecto was ambushed by the kids, them kids up there C he looked up at the starry ceiling toward the dormitories C  and we'll say they forced her to pres her Mark, and that's why he got a false alarm.... He can punish them. Couple of kids more or less, what's the difference?Only the difference between truth and lie, courage and cowardice, said Professor McGonagall, who had turned pale, a difference, in short, which you and your sister seem unable to appreciate. But let me make one thing very clear. You are not going to pass off your many ineptitudes on the students of Hogwarts. I shall not permit it.Excuse me?Amycus moved forward until he was offensively close to Professor McGonagall, his face within inches of hers. She refused to back away, but looked down at him as if he were something disgusting she had found stuck to the lavatory seat.It's not a case of what you'll permit, Minerva McGonagall. Your time's over. It's us what's in charge here now, and you'll back me up or you'll pay the price.And he spat in her face.Harry pulled the Cloak off himself, raised his wand, and said, You shouldn't have done that.As Amycus spun around, Harry shouted, Crucio!The Death Eater was lifted off his feet. He writhed through the air like a drowning man, thrashing and howling in pain, and then, with a crunch and a shattering of glass, he smashed into the front of a bookcase and crumpled, insensible, to the floor. I see what Bellatrix meant, said Harry, the blood thundering through his brain, you need to really mean it.Potter! whispered Professor McGonagall, clutching her heart. Potter C you're here! WhatC? HowC? She struggled to pull herself together. Potter, that was foolish!He spat at you, said Harry.Potter, I C that was very C gallant of you C but don't you realize C?Yeah, I do, Harry assured her. Somehow her panic steadied him. Professor McGonagall, Voldemort's on the way.Oh, are we allowed to say the name now? asked Luna with an air of interest, pulling off the Invisibility Cloak. The appearance of a second outlaw seemed to overwhelm Professor McGonagall, who staggered backward and fell into a nearby chair, clutching at the neck of her old tartan dressing gown.I don't think it makes any difference what we call him, Harry told Luna. He already knows where I am.In a distant part of Harry's brain, that part connected to the angry, burning scar, he could see Voldemort sailing fast over the dark lake in the ghostly green boat.... He had nearly reached the island where the stone basin stood....You must flee, whispered Professor McGonagall, Now Potter, as quickly as you can!I can't, said Harry, There's something I need to do. Professor, so you know where the diadem of Ravenclaw is?The d-diadem of Ravenclaw? Of course not C hasn't it been lost for centuries? She sat up a little straighter Potter, it was madness, utter madness, for you to enter this castleCI had to, said Harry. Professor, there's something hidden here that I'm supposed to find, and it could be the diademC if I could just speak to Professor FlitwickCThere was a sound of movement, of clinking glass. Amycus was coming round. Before Harry or Luna could act, Professor McGonagall rose to her feet, pointed her wand at the groggy Death Eater, and said, Imperio.Amycus got up, walked over to his sister, picked up her wand, then shuffled obediently to Professor McGonagall and handed it over along with his own. Then he lay down on the floor beside Alecto. Professor McGonagall waved her wand again, and a length of shimmering silver rope appeared out of thin air and snaked around the Carrows, binding them tightly together.Potter, said Professor McGonagall, turning to face him again with superb indifference to the Carrows' predicament. if He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named does indeed know that you are hereCAs she said it, a wrath that was like physical pain blazed through Harry, setting his scar on fire, and for a second he looked down upon a basin whose potion had turned clear, and saw that no golden locket lay safe beneath the surfaceC.Potter, are you all right. said a voice, and Harry came back. He was clutching Luna's shoulder to steady himself.Time's running out, Voldemort's getting nearer, Professor, I'm acting on Dumbledore's orders, I must find what he wanted me to find! But we've got to get the students out while I'm searching the castle C It's me Voldemort wants, but he won't care about killing a few more or less, not nowC not now he knows I'm attacking Horcruxes, Harry finished the sentence in his head.You're acting on Dumbledore's orders? she repeated with a look of dawning wonder. Then she drew herself up to her fullest height.We shall secure the school against He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named while you search for this C this object.Is that possible?I think so, said Professor McGonagall dryly, we teachers are rather good at magic, you know. I am sure we will be able to hold him off for a while if we all put our best efforts into it. Of course, something will have to be done about Professor SnapeCLet me CCand if Hogwarts is about to enter a state of siege, with the Dark Lord at the gates, it would indeed be advisable to take as many innocent people out of the way as possible. With the Floo Network under observation, and Apparition impossible within the groundsCThere's a way, said Harry quickly, and he explained about the passageway leading into the Hog's Head.Potter, we're talking about hundreds of studentsCI know, Professor, but if Voldemort and the Death Eaters are concentrating on the school boundaries they won't be interested in anyone who's Disapparating out of Hog's Head.There's something in that, she agreed. She pointed her wand at the Carrows, and a silver net fell upon their bound bodies, tied itself around them, and hoisted them into the air, where they dangled beneath the blue-and-gold ceiling like two large, ugly sea creatures. Come. We must alert the other Heads of House. You'd better put that Cloak back on.She marched toward the door, and as she did so she raised her wand. From the tip burst three silver cats with spectacle markings around their eyes. the Patronuses ran sleekly ahead, filling the spiral staircase with silvery light, as Professor McGonagall, Harry, and Luna hurried back down.Along the corridors they raced, and one by one the Patronuses left them. Professor McGonagall's tartan dressing gown rustled over the floor, and Harry and Luna jogged behind her under the Cloak.They had descended two more floors when another set of quiet joined theirs. Harry, whose scar was still prickling, heard them first. He felt in the pouch around his neck for the Marauder's Map, but before he could take it our, McGonagall too seemed to become aware of their company. She halted, raised her wand ready to duel, and said, Who's there?It is I, said a low voice.From behind a suit of armor stepped Severus Snape.Hatred boiled up in Harry at the sight of him. He had forgotten the details of Snape's appearance in the magnitude of his crimes, forgotten how his greasy black hair hung in curtains around his thin face, how his black eyes had a dead, cold look. He was not wearing nightclothes, but was dressed in his usual black cloak, and he too was holding his wand ready for a fight.Where are the Carrows? he asked quietly.Wherever you told them to be, I expect, Severus, said Professor McGonagall.Snape stepped nearer, and his eyes flitted over Professor McGonagall into the air around her, as if he knew that Harry was there. Harry held his wand up too, ready to attack.I was under the impression, said Snape, That Alecto had apprehended an intruder.Really? said Professor McGonagall. And what gave you that impression?Snape mad a slight flexing movement of his left arm, where the Dark Mark was branded into his skin.Oh, but naturally, said Professor McGonagall. You Death Eaters have your own private means of communication, I forgot.Snape pretended not to have heard her. His eyes were still probing the air all about her, and he was moving gradually closer, with an air of hardly noticing what he was doing.I did not know that it was your night to patrol the corridors Minerva.You have some objection?I wonder what could have brought you out of our bed at this late hour?I thought I heard a disturbance, said Professor McGonagall.Really? But all seems calm.Snape looked into her eyes.Have you seen Harry Potter, Minerva? Because if you have. I must insistCProfessor McGonagall moved faster than Harry could have believed. Her wand slashed through the air and for a split second Harry thought that Snape must crumple, unconscious, but the swiftness of his Shield Charm was such that McGonagall was thrown off balance. She brandished her wand at a touch on the wall and it flew out of its bracket. Harry, about to curse Snape, was forced to pull Luna out of the way of the descending flames, which became a ring of fire that filled the corridor and flew like a lasso at SnapeC Then it was no longer fire, but a great black serpent that McGonagall blasted to smoke, which re-formed and solidified in seconds to become a swarm of pursuing daggers. Snape avoided them only by forcing the suit of armor in front of him, and with echoing clangs the daggers sank, one after another, into its breastCMinerva! said a squeaky voice, and looking behind him, still shielding Luna from flying spells, Harry saw Professors Flitwick and Sprout sprinting up the corridor toward them in their nightclothes, with the enormous Professor Slughorn panting along at the rear.No! squealed Flitwick, raising his wand. You'll do no more murder at Hogwarts!Flitwick's spell hit the suit of armor behind which Snape had taken shelter. With a clatter it came to life. Snape struggled free of the crushing arms and sent it flying back toward his attackers. Harry and Luna had to dive sideways to avoid it as it smashed into the wall and shattered. When Harry looked up again, Snape was in full flight, McGonagall, Flitwick, and Sprout all thundering after him. He hurtled through a classroom door and, moments later, he heard McGonagall cry, Coward! COWARD!What's happened, what's happened? asked Luna.Harry dragged her to her feet and they raced along the corridor, trailing the Invisibility Cloak behind them, into the deserted classroom where Professors McGonagall, Flitwick, and Sprout were standing at a smashed window.He jumped, said Professor McGonagall as Harry and Luna ran into the room.You mean he's dead? Harry sprinted to the window, ignoring Flitwick's and Sprout's yells of shock at his sudden appearance.No, he's not dead, said McGonagall bitterly. Unlike Dumbledore, he was still carrying a wand... and he seems to have learned a few tricks from his master.With a tingle of horror, Harry saw in the distance a huge, bat like shape flying through the darkness toward the perimeter wall.There were heavy footfalls behind them, and a great deal of puffing. Slughorn had just caught up.Harry! he panted, massaging his immense chest beneath his emerald-green silk pajamas. My dear boy... what a surprise...Minerva, do please explain...Severus...what...?Our headmaster is taking a short break, said Professor McGonagall, pointing at the Snape-shaped hole in the window.Professor! Harry shouted his hand on his forehead, He could see the Inferi-filled lake sliding beneath him, and he felt a ghostly green boat bump into the underground shore, and Voldemort lept from it with murder in his heartCProfessor, we've got to barricade the school, he's coming now!Very well. He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named is coming, she told the other teachers. Sprout and Flitwick gasped. Slughorn let out a low groan. Potter has work to do in the castle on Dumbledore's orders. We need to put in place every protection of which we are capable while Potter does what he needs to do.You realize , of course, that nothing we do will be able to keep out You-Know-Who indefinitely? squeaked Flitwick.But we can hold him up. said Professor Sprout.Thank you, Pomona, said Professor McGonagall, and between the two witches there passed a look of grim understanding. I suggest we establish basic protection around the place, then gather our students and meet in the Great Hall. Most must be evacuated, though if any of those who are over age wish to stay and fight, I think they ought to be given the chance.Agreed, said Professor Sprout, already hurrying toward the door. I shall meet you in the Great Hall in twenty minutes with my House.And as she jogged out of sight, they could hear her muttering, Tentacula, Devil's Snare. And Snargaluff pods...yes, I'd like to see the Death Eaters fighting those.I can act from here, said Flitwick, and although he could barely see out of it, he pointed his wand through the smashed window and started muttering incantations of great complexity. Harry heard a weird rushing noise, as though Flitwick had unleashed the power of the wind into the grounds.Professor, Harry said, approaching the little Charms master. Professor, I'm sorry to interrupt, but this is important. Have you got any idea where the diadem of Ravenclaw is?CProtego Horribillis C the diadem of Ravenclaw? squeaked Flitwick. A little extra wisdom never goes amiss, Potter, but I hardly think it would be much use in this situation!I only meant C do you know where it is? Have you ever seen it?Seen it! Nobody has seen it in living memory! Long since lost, boy.Harry felt a mixture of desperate disappointment and panic. What, then, was the Horcrux?We shall meet you and your Ravenclaws in the Great Hall, Filius! said Professor McGonagall, beckoning to Harry and Luna to follow her.They had just reached the door when Slughorn rumbled into speech.My word, he puffed, pale and sweaty, his walrus mustache aquiver. What a to-do! I'm not at all sure whether this is wise, Minerva. He is bound to find a way in, you know, and anyone who has tried to delay him will be in the most grievous perilCI shall expect you and the Slytherins in the Great Hall in twenty minutes also. said Professor McGonagall. If you wish to leave with your students, we shall not stop you. But if any of you attempt to sabotage our resistance or take up arms against us within this castle, then, Horace, we duel to kill.Minerva! he said, aghast.The time has come for Slytherin House to decide upon its loyalties, interrupted Professor McGonagall. Go and wake your students, Horace.Harry did not stay to watch Slughorn splutter. He and Luna stayed after Professor McGonagall, who had taken up a position in the middle of the corridor and raised her wand.PiertotumCoh, for heaven's sake, Filch, not nowCThe aged caretaker had just come hobbling into view, shouting Students out of bed! Students in the corridors!They're supposed to be you blithering idiot! shouted McGonagall. Now go and do something constructive! Find Peeves!P-Peeves? stammered Filch as though he had never heard the name before.Yes, Peeves, you fool, Peeves! Haven't you been complaining about him for a quarter of a century? Go and fetch him, at once.Filch evidently thought Professor McGonagall had taken leave of her senses, but hobbled away, hunch-shouldered, muttering under his breath.And now C Piertotum Locomator! cried Professor McGonagall. And all along the corridor the statues and suits of armor jumped down from their plinths, and from the echoing crashes from the floors above and below, Harry knew that their fellows throughout the castle had done the same.Hogwarts is threatened! shouted Professor McGonagall. Man the boundaries, protect us, do your duty to our school!Clattering and yelling, the horde of moving statues stampeded past Harry, some of them smaller, others larger than life. There were animals too, and the clanking suits of armor brandished swords and spiked balls on chains.Now, Potter, said McGonagall. you and Miss Lovegood had better return to your friends and bring them to the Great Hall C I shall rouse the other Gryffindors.They parted at the top of the next staircase, Harry and Luna turning back toward the concealed entrance to the Room of Requirement. As they ran, they met crowds of students, most wearing traveling cloaks over their pajamas, being shepherded down to the Great Hall by teachers and prefects.That was Potter!Harry Potter!It was him, I swear, I just saw him!But Harry did not look back, and at last they reached the entrance to the Room of Requirement, Harry leaned against the enchanted wall, which opened to admit them, and he and Luna sped back down the steep staircase.WhC?As the room came into view, Harry slipped down a few stairs in shock. It was packed, far more crowded than when he had last been in there. Kingsley and Lupin were looking up at him, as were Oliver Wood, Katie Bell, Angelina Johnson and Alicia Spinnet, Bill and Fleur, and Mr. and Mrs. Weasley.Harry, what's happening? said Lupin, meeting him at the foot of the stairs.Voldemort's on his way, they're barricading he school C Snape's run for it C What are you doing here? How did you know?We sent messages to the rest of Dumbledore's Army, Fred explained. You couldn't expect everyone to miss the fun, Harry, and the D.A. let the Order of the Phoenix know, and it all kind of snowballed.What first, Harry? called George. What's going on?They're evacuating the younger kids and everyone's meeting in the Great Hall to get organized, Harry said. We're fighting.There was a great roar and a surge toward the stairs, he was pressed back against he wall as they ran past hi, the mingled members of the Order of the Phoenix, Dumbledore's Army, and Harry's old Quidditch team, all with their wands drawn, heading up into the main castle.Come on, Luna, Dean called as he passed, holding out his free hand, she took it and followed him back up the stairs.The crowd was thinning. Only a little knot of people remained below in the Room of Requirement, and Harry joined them. Mrs. Weasley was struggling with Ginny. Around them stood Lupin, Fred, George, Bill and Fleur.You're underage! Mrs. Weasley shouted at her daughter as Harry approached I won't permit it! The boys, yes, but you, you've got to go home!I won't!Ginny's hair flew as she pulled her arm out of her mother's grip.I'm in Dumbledore's ArmyCA teenagers' gang!A teenagers' gang that's about to take him on, which no one else has dared to do! said Fred.She's sixteen! shouted Mrs. Weasley. She's not old enough! What you two were thinking bringing her with you C C Fred and George looked slightly ashamed of themselves.Mom's right, Ginny, said Bill gently. You can't do this. Everyone underage will have to leave, it's only right.I can't go home! Ginny shouted, angry tears sparkling in her eyes. my whole family's here, I can't stand waiting there alone and not knowing and CHer eyes met Harry's for the first time. She looked at him beseechingly, but he shook his head and she turned away bitterly.Fine, she said, staring at the entrance to the tunnel back to the Hog's Head. I'll say good-by now, then, andCThere was a scuffling and a great thump. Someone else had clambered out of the tunnel, overbalanced slightly, and fallen. He pulled himself up no the nearest chair, looked around through lopsided horn-rimmed glasses, and said, Am I too late? Has it started. I only just found out, so I C I CPercy spluttered into silence. Evidently he had not expected to run into most of his family. There was a long moment of astonishment, broken by Fleur turning to Lupin and saying, in a wildly transparent attempt to break the tension. SoC 'ow eez leetle Teddy?Lupin blinked at her, startled. The silence between the Weasleys seemed to be solidifying, like ice.I C oh yes C he's fine! Lupin said loudly. yes, Tonks is with him C at her mother's CPercy and the other Weasleys were still staring at one another, frozen.Here, I've got a picture? Lupin shouted, pulling a photograph from inside his jacket and showing it to Fleur and Harry, who saw a tiny baby with a tuft of bright turquoise hair, waving fat fists at the camera.I was a fool! Percy roared, so loudly that Lupin nearly dropped his photograph. I was an idiot, I was a pompous prat, I was a C a CMinistry-loving, family-disowning, power-hungry moron, said Fred.Percy swallowed.Yes, I was!Well, you can't say fairer than that, said Fred, holding his hand out to Percy.Mrs. Weasley burst into tears. She ran forward, pushed Fred aside, and pulled Percy into a strangling hug, while he patted her on the back, his eyes on his father.I'm sorry, Dad, Percy said.Mr. Weasley blinked rather rapidly, then he too hurried to hug his son.What made you see sense, Perce? inquired George.It's been coming on for a while, said Percy, mopping his eyes under his glasses with a corner of his traveling cloak. But I had to find a way out and it's not so easy at the Ministry, they're imprisoning traitors all the time. I managed to make contact with Aberforth and he tipped me off ten minutes ago that Hogwarts was going to make a fight of it, so here I am.Well, we do look to our prefects to take a lead at times such as these, said George in a good imitation of Percy's most pompous manner. Now let's get upstairs and fight, or all the good Death Eaters'll be taken.So, you're my sister in-law now? Said Percy, shaking hands with Fleur as they hurried off toward the staircase with Bill, Fred, and George.Ginny! barked Mrs. Weasley.Ginny had been attempting, under cover of the reconciliations to sneak upstairs too.Molly, how about this, said Lupin. Why doesn't Ginny stay here , then at least she'll be on the scene and know what's going on, but she won't be in the middle of the fighting?ICThat's a good idea, said Mr. Weasley firmly, Ginny, you stay in this room, you hear me?Ginny did not seem to like the idea much, but under her father's unusually stern gaze, she nodded. Mr. and Mrs. Weasley and Lupin headed off to the stairs as well.Where's Ron? asked Harry, Where's Hermione?They must have gone up the Great Hall already, Mr. Weasley called over his shoulder. I didn't see them pass me, said Harry.They said something about a bathroom, said Ginny, not long after you left.A bathroom?Harry strode across the room to an open door leading off the Room of Requirement and checked the bathroom beyond. It was empty.You're sure they said bathC?But then his scar seared and the Room of Req1uirement vanished. He was looking through the high wrought-iron gates with winged boats on pillars at either side, looking through the dark grounds toward the castle, which was ablaze with lights. Nagini lay draped over his shoulders. He was possessed of that cold, cruel sense of purpose that preceded murder.,193,Deathly Hallows,30											
Deathly Hallows=The enchanted ceiling of the Great Hall was dark and scattered with stars, and below it the four long House tables were lined with disheveled students, some in traveling cloaks, others in dressing gowns. Here and there shone the pearly white figures of the school ghosts. Every eye, living and dead was fixed upon Professor McGonagall, who was speaking from the raised platform at the top of the Hall. Behind her stood the remaining teaches, including the palomino centaur, Firenze, and the members of the Order of the Phoenix who had arrived to fight....evacuation will be overseen by Mr. Filch and Madame Pomfrey. Prefects, when I give the word, you will organize your House and take your charges in orderly fashion to the evacuation point.Many of the students looked petrified. However, as Harry skirted the walls, scanning the Gryffindor table for Ron and Hermione, Ernie Macmillan stood up at the Hufflepuff table and shouted	 And what if we want to stay and fight?There was a smattering of applause.If you are of age, you may stay. said Professor McGonagall.What about our things? called a girl at the Ravenclaw table. Our trunks, our owls?We have no time to collect possessions. said Professor McGonagall. The important thing is to get you out of here safely.Where's Professor Snape? shouted a girl from the Slytherin table.He has, to use the common phrase, done a bunk. replied Professor McGonagall and a great cheer erupted from the Gryffindors, Hufflepuffs, and Ravenclaws.Harry moved up the Hall alongside the Gryffindor table, still looking for Ron and Hermione. As he passed, faces turned in his direction, and a great deal of whispering broke out in his wake.We have already placed protection around the castle, Professor McGonagall was saying, but it is unlikely to hold for very long unless we reinforce it. I must ask you, therefore, to move quickly and calmly, and do as your prefects C But her final words were drowned as a different voice echoed throughout the Hall. It was high, cold, and clear. There was no telling from where it came. It seemed to issue from the walls themselves. Like the monster it had once commanded, it might have lain dormant there for centuries.I know that you are preparing to fight. There were screams amongst the students, some of whom clutched each other, looking around in terror for the source of the sound. Your efforts are futile. You cannot fight me. I do not want to kill you. I have great respect for the teachers of Hogwarts. I do not want to spill magical blood.There was silence in the Hall now, the kind of silence that presses against the eardrums, that seems too huge to be contained by walls.Give me Harry Potter, said Voldemort's voice, and they shall not be harmed. Give me Harry Potter and I shall leave the school untouched. Give me Harry Potter and you will be rewarded.You have until midnight.The silence swallowed them all again. Every head turned, every eye in the place seemed to have found Harry, to hold him forever in the glare of thousands of invisible beams. Then a figure rose from the Slytherin table and he recognized Pansy Parkinson as she raised a shaking arm and screamed, But he's there! Potter's there. Someone grab him!Before Harry could speak, there was a massive movement. The Gryffindors in front of him had risen and stood facing, not Harry, but the Slytherins. Then the Hufflepuffs stood, and almost at the same moment, the Ravenclaws, all of them with their backs to Harry, all of them looking toward Pansy instead, and Harry, awestruck and overwhelmed, saw wands emerging everywhere, pulled from beneath cloaks and from under sleeves.Thank you, Miss Parkinson. said Professor McGonagall in a clipped voice. You will leave the Hall first with Mr. Filch. If the rest of your House could follow.Harry heard the grinding of the benches and then the sound of the Slytherins trooping out on the other side of the Hall.Ravenclaws, follow on! cried Professor McGonagall.Slowly the four tables emptied. The Slytherin table was completely deserted, but a number of older Ravenclaws remained seated while their fellows filed out	 even more Hufflepuffs stayed behind, and half of Gryffindor remained in their seats, necessitating Professor McGonagall's descent from the teachers' platform to chivvy the underage on their way.Absolutely not, Creevey, go! And you, Peakes!Harry hurried over to the Weasleys, all sitting together at the Gryffindor table.Where are Ron and Hermione?Haven't you found -? began Mr. Weasley, looking worried.But he broke off as Kingsley had stepped forward on the raised platform to address those who had remained behind.We've only got half an half an hour until midnight, so we need to act fast. A battle plan has been agreed between the teachers of Hogwarts and the Order of the Phoenix. Professors Flitwick, Sprout and McGonagall are going to take groups of fighters up to the three highest towers C Ravenclaw, Astronomy, and Gryffindor C where they'll have good overview, excellent positions from which to work spells. Meanwhile Remus C he indicated Lupin C Arthur C he pointed toward Mr. Weasley, sitting at the Gryffindor table C and I will take groups into the grounds. We'll need somebody to organize defense of the entrances or the passageways into the school C Sounds like a job for us. called Fred, indicating himself and George, and Kingsley nodded his approval.All right, leaders up here and we'll divide up the troops!Potter, said Professor McGonagall, hurrying up to him, as students flooded the platform, jostling for position, receiving instructions, Aren't you supposed to be looking for something?What? Oh, said Harry, oh yeah!He had almost forgotten about the Horcrux, almost forgotten that the battle was being fought so that he could search for it: The inexplicable absence of Ron and Hermione had momentarily driven every other thought from his mind.Then go, Potter, go!Right C yeah C He sensed eyes following him as he ran out of the Great Hall again, into the entrance hall still crowded with evacuating students. He allowed himself to be swept up the marble staircase with them, but at the top he hurried off along a deserted corridor. Fear and panic were clouding his thought processes. He tried to calm himself, to concentrate on finding the Horcrux, but his thoughts buzzed as frantically and fruitlessly as wasps trapped beneath a glass. Without Ron and Hermione to help him he could not seem to marshal his ideas. He slowed down, coming to a halt halfway along a passage, where he sat down on the plinth of a departed statue and pulled the Marauder's Map out of the pouch around his neck. He could not see Ron's of Hermione's names anywhere on it, though the density of the crowd of dots now making its way to the Room of Requirement might, he thought, be concealing them. He put the map away, pressed his hands over his face, and closed his eyes, trying to concentrate.Voldemort thought I'd go to Ravenclaw Tower.There it was, a solid fact, the place to start. Voldemort had stationed Alecto Carrow in the Ravenclaw common room, and there could be only one explanation	 Voldemort feared that Harry already knew his Horcrux was connected to that House.But the only object anyone seemed to associate with Ravenclaw was the lost diadem... and how could the Horcrux be the diadem? How was it possible that Voldemort, the Slytherin, had found the diadem that had eluded generations of Ravenclaws? Who could have told him where to look, when nobody had seen the diadem in living memory?In living memory...Beneath his fingers, Harry's eyes flew open again. He leapt up from the plinth and tore back the way he had come, now in pursuit of his one last hope. The sound of hundreds of people marching toward the Room of Requirement grew louder and louder as he returned to the marble stairs. Prefects were shouting instructions, trying to keep track of the students in their own houses, there was much pushing and shouting	 Harry saw Zacharias Smith bowling over first years to get to the front of the queue, here and there younger students were in tears, while older ones called desperately for friends or siblings.Harry caught sight of a pearly white figure drifting across the entrance hall below and yelled as loudly as he could over the clamor.Nick! NICK! I need to talk to you!He forced his way back through the tide of students, finally reaching the bottom of the stairs, where Nearly Headless Nick, ghost of Gryffindor Tower, stood waiting for him.Harry! My dear boy!Nick made to grasp Harry's hands with both of his own	 Harry felt as though they had been thrust into icy water.Nick, you've got to help me. Who's the ghost of Ravenclaw Tower?Nearly Headless Nick looked surprised and a little offended.The Gray Lady, of course	 but if it is ghostly services you require -?It's got to be her C d'you know where she is?Let's see...Nick's head wobbled a little on his ruff as he turned hither and thither, peering over the heads of the swarming students.That's her over there, Harry, the young woman with the long hair.Harry looked in the direction of Nick's transparent, pointing finger and saw a tall ghost who caught sight of Harry looking at her, raised her eyebrows, and drifted away through a solid wall.Harry ran after her. Once through the door of the corridor into which she had disappeared, he saw her at the very end of the passage, still gliding smoothly away from him.Hey C wait C come back!She consented to pause, floating a few inches from the ground. Harry supposed that she was beautiful, with her waist-length hair and floor-length cloak, but she also looked haughty and proud. Close in, he recognized her as a ghost he had passed several times in the corridor, but to whom he had never spoken.You're the Gray Lady?She nodded but did not speak.The ghost of Ravenclaw Tower?That is correct.Her tone was not encouraging.Please, I need some help. I need to know anything you can tell me about the lost diadem.A cold smile curved her lips.I am afraid, she said, turning to leave, that I cannot help you.WAIT!He had not meant to shout, but anger and panic were threatening to overwhelm him. He glanced at his watch as she hovered in front of him. It was a quarter to midnight.This is urgent. he said fiercely. If that diadem's at Hogwarts, I've got to find it, fast.You are hardly the first student to covet the diadem. she said disdainfully. Generations of students have badgered me C This isn't about trying to get better marks! Harry shouted at her, It's about Voldemort C defeating Voldemort C or aren't you interested in that?She could not blush, but her transparent cheeks became more opaque, and her voice was heated as she replied, Of course I C how dare you suggest C?Well, help me then!Her composure was slipping.It C it is not a question of C  she stammered. My mother's diadem C Your mother's?She looked angry with herself.When I lived, she said stiffly, I was Helena Ravenclaw.You're her daughter? But then, you must know what happed to it.While the diadem bestows wisdom, she said with an obvious effort to pull herself together, I doubt that it would greatly increase you chances of defeating the wizard who calls himself Lord C Haven't I told you, I'm not interested in wearing it! Harry said fiercely. There's no time to explain C but if you care about Hogwarts, if you want to see Voldemort finished, you've got to tell me anything you know about the diadem!She remained quite still, floating in midair, staring down at him, and a sense of hopelessness engulfed Harry. Of course, if she had known anything, she would have told Flitwick of Dumbledore, who had surely asked her the same question. He had shaken his head and made to turn away when she spoke in a low voice.I stole the diadem from my mother.You C you did what?I stole the diadem. repeated Helena Ravenclaw in a whisper. I sought to make myself cleverer, more important than my mother. I ran away with it.He did not know how he had managed to gain her confidence and did not ask, he simply listened, hard, as she went on.My mother, they say, never admitted that the diadem was gone, but pretended that she had it still. She concealed her loss, my dreadful betrayal, even from the other founders of Hogwarts.Then my mother fell ill C fatally ill. In spite of my perfidy, she was desperate to see me one more time. She sent a man who had long loved me, though I spurned his advances, to find me. She knew that he would not rest until he had done so.Harry waited. She drew a deep breath and threw back her head.He tracked me to the forest where I was hiding. When I refused to return with him, he became violent. The baron was always a hot-tempered man. Furious at my refusal, jealous of my freedom, he stabbed me.The Baron? You mean -?The Bloody Baron, yes, said the Gray Lady, and she lifted aside the cloak she wore to reveal a single dark wound in her white chest. When he saw what he had done, he was overcome with remorse. He took the weapon that had claimed my life, and used it to kill himself. All these centuries later, he wears his chains as an act of penitence... as he should. she added bitterly.And C and the diadem?It remained where I had hidden it when I heard the Baron blundering through the forest toward me. Concealed inside a hollow tree.A hollow tree? repeated Harry. What tree? Where was this?A forest in Albania. A lonely place I thought was far beyond my mother's reach.Albania, repeated Harry. Sense was emerging miraculously from confusion, and now he understood why she was telling him what she had denied Dumbledore and Flitwick. You've already told someone this story, haven't you? Another student?She closed her eyes and nodded.I had... no idea... He was flattering. He seemed to... understand... to sympathize...Yes, Harry thought. Tom Riddle would certainly have understood Helena Ravenclaw's desire to possess fabulous objects to which she had little right.Well, you weren't the first person Riddle wormed things out of. Harry muttered. He could be charming when he wanted...So, Voldemort had managed to wheedle the location of the lost diadem out of the Gray Lady. He had traveled to that far-flung forest and retrieved the diadem from its hiding place, perhaps as soon as he left Hogwarts, before he even started work at Borgin and Burkes.And wouldn't those secluded Albanian woods have seemed an excellent refuge when, so much later, Voldemort and needed a place to lie low, undisturbed, for ten long years?But the diadem, once it became his precious Horcrux, had not been left in that lowly tree.... No, the diadem had been returned secretly to its true home, and Voldemort must have put it there C C the night he asked for a job! said Harry, finishing his thought.I beg your pardon?He hid the diadem in the castle, the night he asked Dumbledore to let him teach! said Harry. Saying it out loud enabled him to make sense of it all. He must've hidden the diadem on his way up to, or down from, Dumbledore's office! But it was well worth trying to get the job C then he might've got the chance to nick Gryffindor's sword as well C thank you, thanks!Harry left her floating there, looking utterly bewildered. As he rounded the corner back into the entrance hall, he checked his watch. It was five minutes until midnight, and though he now knew what the last Horcrux was, he was no closer to discovering where it was...Generations of students had failed to find the diadem	 that suggested that it was not in Ravenclaw Tower C but if not there, where? What hiding place had Tom Riddle discovered inside Hogwarts Castle, that he believed would remain secret forever?Lost in desperate speculation, Harry turned a corner, but he had taken only a few steps down the new corridor when the window to his left broke open with a deafening, shattering crash. As he leapt aside, a gigantic body flew in through the window and hit the opposite wall.Something large and furry detached itself, whimpering, from the new arrival and flung itself at Harry.Hagrid! Harry bellowed, fighting off Fang the boarhound's attentions as the enormous bearded figure clambered to his feet What the C?Harry, yer here! Yer here!Hagrid stooped down, bestowed upon Harry a cursory and rib-cracking hug, then ran back to the shattered window.Good boy, Grawpy! he bellowed through the hole in the window. I'll se yer in a moment, there's a good lad!Beyond Hagrid, out in the dark night, Harry saw bursts of light in the distance and heard a weird, keening scream. He looked down at his watch: It was midnight. The battle had begun.Blimey, Harry, panted Hagrid, this is it, eh? Time ter fight?Hagrid, where have you come from?Heard You-Know-Who from up in our cave, said Hagrid grimly. Voice carried, didn't it? 'Yet got till midnight ter gimme Potter.' Knew yeh mus' be here, knew that mus' be happenin'. Get down, Fang. So we come ter join in, me an' Grawpy an' Fang. Smashed our way through the boundary by the forest, Grawpy was carryin' us, Fang an' me. Told him ter let me down at the castle, so he shoved me through the window, bless him. Not exactly what I meant, bu' C where's Ron an' Hermione?That, said Harry, is a really good question. Come on.They hurried together along the corridor, Fang lolloping beside them. Harry could hear movement through the corridors all around: running footsteps, shouts	 through the windows, he could see more flashes of light in the dark grounds.Where're we goin'? puffed Hagrid, pounding along at Harry's heels, making the floorboards quake.I dunno exactly, said Harry, making another random turn, but Ron and Hermione must be around here somewhere....The first casualties of the battle were already strewn across the passage ahead: The two stone gargoyles that usually guarded the entrance to the staffroom had been smashed apart by a jinx that had sailed through another broken window. Their remains stirred feebly on the floor, and as Harry leapt over one of their disembodied heads, it moaned faintly. Oh, don't mind me... I'll just be here and crumble....Its ugly stone face made Harry think suddenly of the marble bust of Rowena Ravenclaw at Xenophilius's house, wearing that mad headdress C and then of the statue in Ravenclaw Tower, with the stone diadem upon her white curls....And as he reached the end of the passage, the memory of a third stone effigy came back to him: that of an ugly old warlock, onto whose head Harry himself had placed a wig and a battered old hat. The shock shot through Harry with the heat of firewhisky, and he nearly stumbled.He knew, at least, where the Horcrux sat waiting for him....Tom Riddle, who confided in no one and operated alone, might have been arrogant enough to assume that he, and only he, had penetrated the deepest mysteries of Hogwarts Castle. Of course, Dumbledore and Flitwick, those model pupils, had never set foot in that particular place, but he, Harry, had strayed off the beaten track in his time at school C here at least was a secret area he and Voldemort knew, that Dumbledore had never discovered CHe was roused by Professor Sprout, who was thundering past followed by Neville and half a dozen others, all of them wearing earmuffs and carrying what appeared to be large potted plants.Mandrakes! Neville bellowed at Harry over his shoulder as he ran. Going to lob them over the walls C they won't like this!Harry knew now where to go. He sped off, with Hagrid and Fang galloping behind him. They passed portrait after portrait, and the painted figures raced alongside them, wizards and witches in ruffs and breeches, in armor and cloaks, cramming themselves into each others' canvases, screaming news from other parts of the castle. As they reached the end of this corridor, the whole castle shook, and Harry knew, as a gigantic vase blew off its plinth with explosive force, that it was in the grip of enchantments more sinister than those of the teachers and the Order.It's all righ', Fang C it's all righ'! yelled Hagrid, but the great boarhound had taken flight as slivers of china flew like shrapnel through the air, and Hagrid pounded off after the terrified dog, leaving Harry alone.He forged on through the trembling passages, his wand at the ready, and for the length of one corridor the little painted knight, Sir Cadrigan, rushed from painting to painting beside him, clanking along in his armor, screaming encouragement, his fat little pony cantering behind him.Braggarts and rogues, dogs and scoundrels, drive them out, Harry Potter, see them off!Harry hurtled around a corner and found Fred and a small knot of students, including Lee Jordan and Hannah Abbott, standing beside another empty plinth, whose statue had concealed a secret passageway. Their wands were drawn and they were listening at the concealed hole.Nice night for it! Fred shouted as the castle quaked again, and Harry sprinted by, elated and terrified in equal measure. Along yet another corridor he dashed, and then there were owls everywhere, and Mrs. Norris was hissing and trying to bat them with her paws, no doubt to return them to their proper place....Potter!Aberforth Dumbledore stood blocking the corridor ahead, his wand held ready.I've had hundreds of kids thundering through my pub, Potter!I know, we're evacuating, Harry said, Voldemort's C C attacking because they haven't handed you over, yeah, said Aberforth. I'm not deaf, the whole of Hogsmeade heard him. And it never occurred to any of you to keep a few Slytherins hostage? There are kids of Death Eaters you've just sent to safety. Wouldn't it have been a bit smarter to keep 'em here?It wouldn't stop Voldemort, said Harry, and your brother would never have done it.Aberforth grunted and tore away in the opposite direction.Your brother would never have done it.... Well, it was the truth, Harry thought as he ran on again: Dumbledore, who had defended Snape for so long, would never have held students ransom....And then he skidded around a final corner and with a yell of mingled relief and fury he saw them: Ron and Hermione	 both with their arms full of large, curved, dirty yellow objects, Ron with a broomstick under his arms.Where the hell have you been? Harry shouted.Chamber of Secrets, said Ron.Chamber C what? said Harry, coming to an unsteady halt before them.It was Ron, all Ron's idea! said Hermione breathlessly. Wasn't it absolutely brilliant? There we were, after we left, and I said to Ron, even if we find the other one, how are we going to get rid of it? We still hadn't got rid of the cup! And then he thought of it! The basilisk!What the C?Something to get rid of Horcruxes, said Ron simply.Harry's eyes dropped to the objects clutched in Ron and Hermione's arms: great curved fangs	 torn, he now realized, from the skull of a dead basilisk.But how did you get in there? he asked, staring from the fangs to Ron. You need to speak Parseltongue!He did! whispered Hermione. Show him, Ron!Ron made a horrible strangled hissing noise.It's what you did to open the locket, he told Harry apologetically. I had to have a few goes to get it right, but, he shrugged modestly, we got there in the end.He was amazing! said Hermione. Amazing!So... Harry was struggling to keep up. So...So we're another Horcrux down, said Ron, and from under his jacket he pulled the mangled remains of Hufflepuff's cup. Hermione stabbed it. Thought she should. She hasn't had the pleasure yet.Genius! yelled Harry.It was nothing, said Ron, though he looked delighted with himself. So what's new with you?As he said it, there was an explosion from overhead: All three of them looked up as dust fell from the ceiling and they heard a distant scream.I know what the diadem looks like, and I know where it is, said Harry, talking fast. He hid it exactly where I had my old Potions book, where everyone's been hiding stuff for centuries. He thought he was the only one to find it. Come on.As the walls trembled again, he led the other two back through the concealed entrance and down the staircase into the Room of Requirement. It was empty except for three women: Ginny, Tonks and an elderly witch wearing a moth-eaten hat, whom Harry recognized immediately as Neville's grandmother.Ah, Potter, she said crisply as if she had been waiting for him. You can tell us what's going on.Is everyone okay? said Ginny and Tonks together.'S far as we know, said Harry. Are there still people in the passage to the Hog's Head?He knew that the room would not be able to transform while there were still users inside it.I was the last to come through, said Mrs. Longbottom. I sealed it, I think it unwise to leave it open now Aberforth has left his pub. Have you seen my grandson?He's fighting, said Harry.Naturally, said the old lady proudly. Excuse me, I must go and assist him.With surprising speed she trotted off toward the stone steps.Harry looked at Tonks.I thought you were supposed to be with Teddy at your mother's?I couldn't stand not knowing C  Tonks looked anguished. She'll look after him C have you seen Remus?He was planning to lead a group of fighters into the grounds C Without another word, Tonks sped off.Ginny, said Harry, I'm sorry, but we need you to leave too. Just for a bit. Then you can come back in.Ginny looked simply delighted to leave her sanctuary.And then you can come back in! he shouted after her as she ran up the steps after Tonks. You've got to come back in!Hang on a moment! said Ron sharply. We've forgotten someone!Who? asked Hermione.The house-elves, they'll all be down in the kitchen, won't they?You mean we ought to get them fighting? asked Harry.No, said Ron seriously, I mean we should tell them to get out. We don't want anymore Dobbies, do we? We can't order them to die for us C There was a clatter as the basilisk fangs cascaded out of Hermione's arms. Running at Ron, she flung them around his neck and kissed him full on the mouth. Ron threw away the fangs and broomstick he was holding and responded with such enthusiasm that he lifted Hermione off her feet.Is this the moment? Harry asked weakly, and when nothing happened except that Ron and Hermione gripped each other still more firmly and swayed on the spot, he raised his voice. Oi! There's a war going on here!Ron and Hermione broke apart, their arms still around each other.I know, mate, said Ron, who looked as though he had recently been hit on the back of the head with a Bludger, so it's now or never, isn't it?Never mind that, what about the Horcrux? Harry shouted. D'you think you could just C just hold it in until we've got the diadem?Yeah C right C sorry C  said Ron, and he and Hermione set about gathering up fangs, both pink in the face.It was clear, as the three of them stepped back into the corridor upstairs, that in the minutes that they had spent in the Room of Requirement the situation within the castle had deteriorated severely: The walls and ceiling were shaking worse than ever	 dust filled the air, and through the nearest window, Harry saw bursts of green and red light so close to the foot of the castle that he knew the Death Eaters must be very near to entering the place. Looking down, Harry saw Grawp the giant meandering past, swinging what looked like a stone gargoyle torn from the roof and roaring his displeasure.Let's hope he steps on some of them! said Ron as more screams echoed from close by.As long as it's not any of our lot! said a voice: Harry turned and saw Ginny and Tonks, both with their wands drawn at the next window, which was missing several panes. Even as he watched, Ginny sent a well-aimed jinx into a crowd of fighters below.Good girl! roared a figure running through the dust toward them, and Harry saw Aberforth again, his gray hair flying as he led a small group of students past. They look like they might be breaching the north battlements, they've brought giants of their own.Have you seen Remus? Tonks called after him.He was dueling Dolohov, shouted Aberforth, haven't seen him since!Tonks, said Ginny, Tonks, I'm sure he's okay C But Tonks had run off into the dust after Aberforth.Ginny turned, helpless, to Harry, Ron, and Hermione.They'll be all right, said Harry, though he knew they were empty words. Ginny, we'll be back in a moment, just keep out of the way, keep safe C come on! he said to Ron and Hermione, and they ran back to the stretch of wall beyond which the Room of Requirement was waiting to do the bidding of the next entrant.I need the place where everything is hidden. Harry begged of it inside his head, and the door materialized on their third run past.The furor of the battle died the moment they crossed the threshold and closed the door behind them: All was silent. They were in a place the size of a cathedral with the appearance of a city, its towering walls built of objects hidden by thousands of long-gone students.And he never realized anyone could get in? said Ron, his voice echoing in the silence.He thought he was the only one, said Harry. Too bad for him I've had to hide stuff in my time... this way, he added. I think it's down here....They sped off up adjacent aisles	 Harry could hear the others' footsteps echoing through the towering piles of junk, of bottles, hats, crates, chairs, books, weapons, broomsticks, bats....Somewhere near here, Harry muttered to himself. Somewhere... somewhere...Deeper and deeper into the labyrinth he went, looking for objects he recognized from his one previous trip into the room. His breath was loud in his ears, and then his very soul seemed to shiver. There it was, right ahead, the blistered old cupboard in which he had hidden his old Potions book, and on top of it, the pockmarked stone warlock wearing a dusty old wig and what looked like an ancient discolored tiara.He had already stretched out his hand, though he remained few feet away, when a voice behind him said, Hold it, Potter.He skidded to a halt and turned around. Crabbe and Goyle were standing behind him, shoulder to shoulder, wands pointing right at Harry. Through the small space between their jeering faces he saw Draco Malfoy.That's my wand you're holding, Potter, said Malfoy, pointing his own through the gap between Crabbe and Goyle.Not anymore, panted Harry, tightening his grip on the hawthorn wand. Winners, keepers, Malfoy. Who's lent you theirs?My mother, said Draco.Harry laughed, though there was nothing very humorous about the situation. He could not hear Ron or Hermione anymore. They seemed to have run out of earshot, searching for the diadem.So how come you three aren't with Voldemort? asked Harry.We're gonna be rewarded, said Crabbe. His voice was surprisingly soft for such an enormous person: Harry had hardly ever heard him speak before. Crabbe was speaking like a small child promised a large bag of sweets. We 'ung back, Potter. We decided not to go. Decided to bring you to 'im.Good plan, said Harry in mock admiration. He could not believe that he was this close, and was going to be thwarted by Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle. He began edging slowly backward toward the place where the Horcrux sat lopsided upon the bust. If he could just get his hands on it before the fight broke out...So how did you get in here? he asked, trying to distract them.I virtually lived in the Room of Hidden Things all last year, said Malfoy, his voice brittle. I know how to get in.We was hiding in the corridor outside, grunted Goyle. We can do Disslusion Charms now! And then, his face split into a gormless grin, you turned up right in front of us and said you was looking for a die-dum! What's a die-dum?Harry? Ron's voice echoed suddenly from the other side of the wall to Harry's right. Are you talking to someone?With a whiplike movement, Crabbe pointed his wand at the fifty foot mountain of old furniture, of broken trunks, of old books and robes and unidentifiable junk, and shouted, Descendo!The wall began to totter, then the top third crumbled into the aisle next door where Ron stood.Ron! Harry bellowed, as somewhere out of sight Hermione screamed, and Harry heard innumerable objects crashing to the floor on the other side of the destabilized wall: He pointed his wand at the rampart, cried, Finite! and it steadied.No! shouted Malfoy, staying Crabbe's arm as the latter made to repeat his spell. If you wreck the room you might bury this diadem thing!What's that matter? said Crabbe, tugging himself free. It's Potter the Dark Lord wants, who cares about a die-dum?Potter came in here to get it, said Malfoy with ill-disguised impatience at the slow-wittedness of his colleagues. so that must mean C 'Must mean'? Crabbe turned on Malfoy with undisguised ferocity. Who cares what you think? I don't take your orders no more, Draco. You an' your dad are finished.Harry? shouted Ron again, from the other side of the junk wad. What's going on?Harry? mimicked Crabbe. What's going on C no, Potter! Crucio!Harry had lunged for the tiara	 Crabbe's curse missed him but hit the stone bust, which flew into the air
Deathly Hallows=The world had ended, so why had the battle not ceased, the castle fallen silent in horror, and every combatant laid down their arms? Harry's mind was in free fall, spinning out of control, unable to grasp the impossibility, because Fred Weasley could not be dead, the evidence of all his senses must be lyingCAnd then a body fell past the hole blown into the side of the school and curses flew in at them from the darkness, hitting the wall behind their heads.Get down! Harry shouted, as more curses flew through the night: He and Ron had both grabbed Hermione and pulled her to the floor, but Percy lay across Fred's body, shielding it from further harm, and when Harry shouted Percy, come on, we've got to move! he shook his head.Percy! Harry saw tear tracks streaking the grime coating Ron's face as he seized his elder brother's shoulders and pulled, but Percy would not budge. Percy, you can't do anything for him! We're going toCHermione screamed, and Harry, turning, did not need to ask why. A monstrous spider the size of a small car was trying to climb through the huge hole in the wall. one of Aragog's descendants had joined the fight.Ron and Harry shouted together	 their spells collided and the monster was blown backward, its legs jerking horribly, and vanished into the darkness.It brought friends! Harry called to the others, glancing over the edge of the castle through the hole in the wall the curses had blasted. More giant spiders were climbing the side of the building, liberated from the Forbidden Forest, into which the Death Eaters must have penetrated. Harry fired Stunning Spells down upon them, knocking the lead monster into its fellows, so that they rolled back down the building and out of sight. Then more curses came soaring over Harry's head, so close he felt the force of them blow his hair.Let's move, NOW!Pushing Hermione ahead of him with Ron, Harry stooped to seize Fred's body under the armpit. Percy, realizing what Harry was trying to do, stopped clinging to the body and helped: together, crouching low to avoid the curses flying at them from the grounds, they hauled Fred out of the way.Here, said Harry, and they placed him in a niche where a suit of armor had stood earlier. He could not bear to look at Fred a second longer than he had to, and after making sure that the body was well-hidden, he took off after Ron and Hermione. Malfoy and Goyle had vanished but at the end of the corridor, which was now full of dust and falling masonry, glass long gone from windows, he saw many people running backward and forward, whether friends or foes he could not tell. Rounding the corner, Percy let out a bull-like roar: ROOKWOOD! and sprinted off in the direction of a tall man, who was pursuing a couple of students. Harry, in here! Hermione screamed.She had pulled Ron behind a tapestry. They seemed to be wrestling together, and for one mad second Harry thought that they were embracing again	 then he saw that Hermione was trying to restrain Ron, to stop him running after Percy.Listen to me C LISTEN RON!I wanna help C I wanna kill Death EatersCHis face was contorted, smeared with dust and smoke, and he was shaking with rage and grief.Ron, we're the only ones who can end it! Please C Ron C we need the snake, we've got to kill the snake! said Hermione.But Harry knew how Ron felt: Pursuing another Horcrux could not bring the satisfaction of revenge	 he too wanted to fight, to punish them, the people who had killed Fred, and he wanted to find the other Weasleys, and above all make sure, make quite sure, that Ginny was not C but he could not permit that idea to form in his mind C We will fight! Hermione said. We'll have to, to reach the snake! But let's not lose sight now of what we're supposed to be d-doing! We're the only ones who can end it!She was crying too, and she wiped her face on her torn and singed sleeve as she spoke, but she took great heaving breaths to calm herself as, still keeping a tight hold on Ron, she turned to Harry.You need to find out where Voldemort is, because he'll have the snake with him, won't he? Do it, Harry C look inside him!Why was it so easy? Because his scar had been burning for hours, yearning to show him Voldemort's thoughts? He closed his eyes on her command, and at once, the screams and bangs and all the discordant sounds of the battle were drowned until they became distant, as though he stood far, far away from them...He was standing in the middle of a desolate but strangely familiar room, with peeling paper on the walls and all the windows boarded up except for one. The sounds of the assault on the castle were muffled and distant. The single unblocked window revealed distant bursts of light where the castle stood, but inside the room was dark except for a solitary oil lamp.He was rolling his wand between his fingers, watching it, his thoughts on the room in the castle, the secret room only he had ever found, the room, like the chamber, that you had to be clever and cunning and inquisitive to discover...He was confident that the boy would not find the diadem...although Dumbledore's puppet had come much farther than he ever expected...too far...My Lord, said a voice, desperate and cracked. He turned: there was Lucius Malfoy sitting in the darkest corner, ragged and still bearing the marks of the punishment he had received after the boy's last escape. One of his eyes remained closed and puffy. My Lord...please...my son...If your son is dead, Lucius, it is not my fault. He did not come and join me, like the rest of the Slytherins. Perhaps he has decided to befriend Harry Potter?No C never, whispered Malfoy. You must hope not.Aren't C aren't you afraid, my Lord that Potter might die at another hand but yours? asked Malfoy, his voice shaking. Wouldn't it be...forgive me...more prudent to call off this battle, enter the castle, and seek him y-yourself?Do not pretend Lucius. You wish the battle to cease so that you can discover what has happened to your son. And I do not need to seek Potter. Before the night is out, Potter will have come to find me.Voldemort dropped his gaze once more to the wand in his fingers. It troubled him...and those things that troubled Lord Voldemort needed to be rearranged...Go and fetch Snape.Snape, m-my Lord?Snape. Now. I need him. There is a C service C I require from him. Go.Frightened, stumbling a little through the gloom, Lucius left the room. Vodlemort continued to stand there, twirling the wand between his fingers, staring at it.It is the only way, Nagini, he whispered, and he looked around, and there was the great thick snake, now suspended in midair, twisting gracefully within the enchanted, protected space he had made for her, a starry, transparent sphere somewhere between a glittering cage and a tank.With a gasp, Harry pulled back and opened his yees at the same moment his ears were assaulted with the screeches and cries, the smashes and bangs of battle.He's in the Shrieking Shack. The snake's with him, it's got some sort of magical protection around it. He's just sent Lucius Malfoy to find Snape.Voldemort's sitting in the shrieking Shack? said Hermione, outraged. He's not C he's not even FIGHTING?He doesn't think he needs to fight, said Harry. He thinks I'm going to go to him.But why?He knows I'm after Horcruxes C he's keeping Nagini close beside him C obviously I'm going to have to go to him to get near the thingCRight, said Ron, squaring his shoulders. So you can't go, that's what he wants, what he's expecting. You stay here and look after Hermione, and I'll go and get itC Harry cut across Ron.You two stay here, I'll go under the Cloak and I'll be back as soon as ICNo, said Hermione,, it makes much more sense if I take the Cloak andCDon't even think about it, Ron snarled at her. before Hermione could get farther than Ron, I'm just as capable C The tapestry at the top of the staircase on which they stood was ripped open.POTTER!Two masked Death Eaters stood there, but even before their wands were fully raised, Hermione shouted Glisseo!The stairs beneath their feet flattened into a chute and she, Harry, and Ron hurtled down it, unable to control their speed but so fast that the Death Eaters' Stunning Spells flew far over their heads. They shot through the concealing tapestry at the bottom and spun onto the floor, hitting the opposite wall.Duro! cried Hermione, pointing her wand at the tapestry, and there were two loud, sickening crunches as the tapestry turned to stone and the Death Eaters pursuing them crumpled against it.Get back! shouted Ron, and he, Harry, and Hermione hurled themselves against a door as a herd of galloping desks thundered past, shepherded by a sprinting Professor McGonagall. She appeared not to notice them. Her hair had come down and there was a gash on her cheek. As she turned the corner, they heard her scream,CHARGE!Harry, you get the Cloak on, said Hermione. Never mind usCBut he threw it over all three of them	 large though they were he doubted anyone would see their disembodied feet through the dust that clogged the air, the falling stone, the shimmer of spells. they ran down the next staircase and found themselves in a corridor full of duelers. The portraits on either side of the fighters were crammed with figures screaming advice and encouragement, while Death Eaters, both masked and unmasked, dueled students and teachers. Dean had won himself a wand, for he was face-to-face with Dolohov, Parvati with Travers. Harry, Ron and Hermione raised their wands at once, ready to strike, but the duelers were weaving and darting so much that there was a strong likelihood of hurting on of their own side if they cast curses. Even as they stood braced, looking for the opportunity to act, there came a great Wheeeeee! and looking up, Harry saw Peeves zooming over them, dropping Snargaluff pods down onto the Death Eaters, whose heads were suddenly engulfed in wriggling green tubers like fat worms.ARGH!A fistful of tubers had hit the Cloak over Ron's head	 the damp green roots were suspended improbably in midair as Ron tried to shake them loose.Someone's invisible there! shouted a masked Death Eater, pointing.Dean made the most of the Death Eater's momentary distraction, knocking him out with a stunning Spell	 Dolohov attempted to retaliate, and Parvati shot a Body Bind Curse at him. LET'S GO! Harry yelled, and he, Ron, and Hermione gathered the Cloak tightly around themselves and pelted, heads down, through the midst of the fighters, slipping a little in pools of Snargaluff juice, toward the top of the marble staircase into the entrance hall.I'm Draco Malfoy, I'm Draco, I'm on your side! Draco was on the upper landing, pleading with another masked Death Eater. Harry Stunned the Death Eater as they passed. Malfoy looked around, beaming, for his savior, and Ron punched him from under the Cloak. Malfoy fell backward on top of the Death Eater, his mouth bleeding, utterly bemused.And that's the second time we've saved your life tonight, you two-faced bastard! Ron yelled.There were more duelers all over the stairs and in the hall. Death Eaters everywhere Harry looked: Yaxley, close to the front doors, in combat with Flitwick, a masked Death Eater dueling Kingsley right beside them. Students ran in every direction	 some carrying or dragging injured friends. Harry directed a Stunning Spell toward the masked Death Eater	 it missed but nearly hit Neville, who had emerged from nowhere brandishing armfuls of Venomous Tentacula, which looped itself happily around the nearest Death Eater and began reeling him in.Harry, Ron, and Hermione sped won the marble staircase: glass shattered on the left, and the Slytherin hourglass that had recorded House points spilled its emeralds everywhere, so that people slipped and staggered as they ran. Two bodies fell from the balcony overhead as they reached the ground a gray blur that Harry took for an animal sped four-legged across the hall to sink its teeth into one of the fallen.NO! shrieked Hermione, and with a deafening blast from her wand, Fenrir Greyback was thrown backward from the feebly struggling body of Lavender Brown. He hit the marble banisters and struggled to return to his feet. Then, with a bright white flash and a crack, a crystal ball fell on top of his head, and he crumpled to the ground and did not move.I have more! shrieked Professor Trelawney from over the banisters. More for any who want them! HereC And with a move like a tennis serve, she heaved another enormous crystal sphere from her bag, waved her wand through the air, and caused the ball to speed across the hall and smash through a window. At the same moment, the heavy wooden front doors burst open, and more of the gigantic spiders forced their way into the front hall.Screams of terror rent the air: the fighters scattered, Death Eaters and Hogwartians alike, and red and green jets of light flew into the midst of the oncoming monsters, which shuddered and reared, more terrifying than ever.How do we get out? yelled Ron over all the screaming, but before either Harry or Hermione could answer they were bowled aside	 Hagrid had come thundering down the stairs, brandishing his flowery pink umbrella.Don't hurt 'em, don't hurt 'em! he yelled.HAGRID, NO!Harry forgot everything else: he sprinted out from under the cloak, running bent double to avoid the curses illuminating the whole hall.HAGRID, COME BACK!But he was not even halfway to Hagrid when he saw it happen: Hagrid vanished amongst the spiders, and with a great scurrying, a foul swarming movement, they retreated under the onslaught of spells, Hagrid buried in their midst.HAGRID! Harry heard someone calling his own name, whether friend or foe he did not care: He was springing down the front steps into the dark grounds, and the spiders were swarming away with their prey, and he could see nothing of Hagrid at all.HAGRID!He thought he could make out an enormous arm waving from the midst of the spider swarm, but as he made to chase after them, his way was impeded by a monumental foot, which swung down out of the darkness and made the ground on which he stood shudder. He looked up: A giant stood before him, twenty feet high, its head hidden in shadow, nothing but its treelike, hairy shins illuminated by light from the castle doors. With one brutal, fluid movement, it smashed a massive fist through an upper window, and glass rained down upon Harry, forcing him back under the shelter of the doorway.Oh myC! shrieked Hermione, as she and Ron caught up with Harry and gazed upward at the giant now trying to seize people through the window above.DON'T! Ron yelled, grabbing Hermione's hand as she raised her wand. Stun him and he'll crush half the castleCHAGGER?Grawp came lurching around the corner of the castle	 only now did Harry realize that Grawp was, indeed, an undersized giant. The gargantuan monster trying to crush people on the upper floors turned around and let out a roar. The stone steps trembled as he stomped toward his smaller kin, and Grawp's lopsided mouth fell open, showing yellow, half brick-sized teeth	 and then they launched themselves at each other with the savagery of lions.RUN! Harry roared	 the night was full of hideous yells and blows as the giants wrestled, and he seized Hermione's hand and tore down the steps into the grounds, Ron bringing up the rear. Harry had not lost hope of finding and saving Hagrid	 he ran so fast that they were halfway toward the forest before they were brought up short again.The air around them had frozen: Harry's breath caught and solidified in his chest. Shapes moved out in the darkness, swirling figures of concentrated blackness, moving in a great wave towards the castles, their faces hooded and their breath rattling...Ron and Hermione closed in beside him as the sounds of fighting behind them grew suddenly muted, deadened, because a silence only dementors could bring was falling thickly through the night, and Fred was gone, and Hagrid was surely dying or already dead...Come on, Harry! said Hermione's voice from a very long way away.Patronuses, Harry, come on!He raised his wand, but a dull hopelessness was spreading throughout him: How many more lay dead that he did not yet know about? He felt as though his soul had already half left his body....HARRY, COME ON! screamed Hermione.A hundred dementors were advancing, gliding toward them, sucking their way closer to Harry's despair, which was like a promise of a feast...He saw Ron's silver terrier burst into the air, flicker feebly, and expire
Deathly Hallows=Harry remained kneeling at Snape's side, simply staring down at him, until quite suddenly a high, cold voice spoke so close to them that Harry jumped on his feet, the flask gripped tightly in his hands, thinking that Voldemort had reentered the room.Voldemort's voice reverberated from the walls and floor, and Harry realized that he was talking to Hogwarts and to all the surrounding area, that the residents of Hogsmeade and all those still fighting in the castle would hear him as clearly as if he stood beside them, his breath on the back of their necks, a deathblow away.You have fought, said the high, cold voice, valiantly. Lord Voldemort knows how to value bravery.Yet you have sustained heavy losses. If you continue to resist me, you will all die, one by one. I do not wish this to happen. Every drop of magical blood spilled is a loss and a waste.Lord Voldemort is merciful. I command my forces to retreat immediately.You have one hour. Dispose of your dead with dignity. Treat your injured.I speak now, Harry Potter, directly to you. You have permitted your friends to die for you rather than face me yourself. I shall wait for one hour in the Forbidden Forest. If, at the end of that hour, you have not come to me, have not given yourself up, then battle recommences. This time, I shall enter the fray myself, Harry Potter, and I shall find you, and I shall punish every last man, woman, and child who has tried to conceal you from me. One hour.Both Ron and Hermione shook their heads frantically, looking at Harry.Don't listen to him, said Ron.It'll be all right, said Hermione wildly. Let's C let's get back to the castle, if he's gone to the forest we'll need to think of a new plan C She glanced at Snape's body, then hurried back to the tunnel entrance. Ron followed her. Harry gathered up the Invisibility Cloak, then looked down at Snape. He did not know what to feel, except shock at the way Snape had been killed, and the reason for which it had been done...They crawled back through the tunnel, none of them talking, and Harry wondered whether Ron and Hermione could still hear Voldemort ringing in their heads as he could.You have permitted your friends to die for you rather than face me yourself. I shall wait for one hour in the Forbidden Forest...One hour...Small bundles seemed to litter the lawn at the front of the castle. It could only be an hour or so from dawn, yet it was pitch-black. The three of them hurried toward the stone steps. A lone dog, the size of a small boat, lay abandoned in front of them. There was no other sign of Grawp or of his attacker.The castle was unnaturally silent. There were no flashes of light now, no bangs or screams or shouts. The flagstones of the deserted entrance hall were stained with blood. Emeralds were still scattered all over the floor, along with pieces of marble and splintered wood. Part of the banisters had been blown away.Where is everyone? whispered Hermione.Ron led the way to the Great Hall. Harry stopped in the doorway.The House tables were gone and the room was crowded. The survivors stood in groups, their arms around each other's necks. The injured were being treated upon the raised platform by Madam Pomfrey and a group of helpers. Firenze was amongst the injured	 his flank poured blood and he shook where he lay, unable to stand.The dead lay in a row in the middle of the Hall. Harry could not see Fred's body, because his family surrounded him. George was kneeling at his head	 Mrs. Weasley was lying across Fred's chest, her body shaking. Mr. Weasley stroking her hair while tears cascaded down his cheeks.Without a word to Harry, Ron and Hermione walked away. Harry saw Hermione approach Ginny, whose face was swollen and blotchy, and hug her. Ron joined Bill, Fleur, and Percy, who flung an arm around Ron's shoulders. As Ginny and Hermione moved closer to the rest of the family, Harry had a clear view of the bodies lying next to Fred. Remus and Tonks, pale and still and peaceful-looking, apparently asleep beneath the dark, enchanted ceiling.The Great Hall seemed to fly away, become smaller, shrink, as Harry reeled backward from the doorway. He could not draw breath. He could not bear to look at any of the other bodies, to see who else had died for him. He could not bear to join the Weasleys, could not look into their eyes, when if he had given himself up in the first place, Fred might never have died...He turned away and ran up the marble staircase. Lupin, Tonks... He yearned not to feel... He wished he could rip out his heart, his innards, everything that was screaming inside him...The castle was completely empty	 even the ghosts seemed to have joined the mass mourning in the Great Hall. Harry ran without stopping, clutching the crystal flask of Snape's last thoughts, and he did not slow down until he reached the stone gargoyle guarding the headmaster's office.Password?Dumbledore! said Harry without thinking, because it was he whom he yearned to see, and to his surprise the gargoyle slid aside revealing the spiral staircase behind.But when Harry burst into the circular office he found a change. The portraits that hung all around the walls were empty. Not a single headmaster or headmistress remained to see him	 all, it seemed, had flitted away, charging through the paintings that lined the castle so that they could have a clear view of what was going on.Harry glanced hopelessly at Dumbledore's deserted frame, which hung directly behind the headmaster's chair, then turned his back on it. The stone Pensieve lay in the cabinet where it had always been. Harry heaved it onto the desk and poured Snape's memories into the wide basin with its runic markings around the edge. To escape into someone else's head would be a blessed relief... Nothing that even Snape had left him could be worse than his own thoughts. The memories swirled, silver white and strange, and without hesitating, with a feeling of reckless abandonment, as though this would assuage his torturing grief, Harry dived.He fell headlong into sunlight, and his feet found warm ground. When he straightened up, he saw that he was in a nearly deserted playground. A single huge chimney dominated the distant skyline. Two girls were swinging backward and forward, and a skinny boy was watching them from behind a clump of bushes. His black hair was overlong and his clothes were so mismatched that it looked deliberate: too short jeans, a shabby, overlarge coat that might have belonged to a grown man, an odd smocklike shirt.Harry moved closer to the boy. Snape looked no more than nine or ten years old, sallow, small, stringy. There was undisguised greed in his thin face as he watched the younger of the two girls swinging higher and higher than her sister.Lily, don't do it! shrieked the elder of the two.But the girl had let go of the swing at the very height of its arc and flown into the air, quite literally flown, launched herself skyward with a great shout of laughter, and instead of crumpling on the playground asphalt, she soared like a trapeze artist through the air, staying up far too long, landing far too lightly.Mummy told you not to!Petunia stopped her swing by dragging the heels of her sandals on the ground, making a crunching, grinding sound, then leapt up, hands on hips.Mummy said you weren't allowed, Lily!But I'm fine, said Lily, still giggling. Tuney, look at this. Watch what I can do.Petunia glanced around. The playground was deserted apart from themselves and, though the girls did not know it, Snape. Lily had picked up a fallen flower from the bush behind which Snape lurked. Petunia advanced, evidently torn between curiosity and disapproval. Lily waited until Petunia was near enough to have a clear view, then held out her palm. The flower sat there, opening and closing its petals, like some bizarre, many-lipped oyster.Stop it! shrieked Petunia.It's not hurting you, said Lily, but she closed her hand on the blossom and threw it back to the ground.It's not right, said Petunia, but her eyes had followed the flower's flight to the ground and lingered upon it. How do you do it? she added, and there was definite longing in her voice.It's obvious, isn't it? Snape could no longer contain himself, but had jumped out from behind the bushes. Petunia shrieked and ran backward toward the swings, but Lily, though clearly startled, remained where she was. Snape seemed to regret his appearance. A dull flush of color mounted the sallow cheeks as he looked at Lily.What's obvious? asked Lily.Snape had an air of nervous excitement. With a glance at the distant Petunia, now hovering beside the swings, he lowered his voice and said, I know what you are.What do you mean?You're...you're a witch, whispered Snape.She looked affronted.That's not a very nice thing to say to somebody!She turned, nose in the air, and marched off toward her sister.No! said Snape. He was highly colored now, and Harry wondered why he did not take off the ridiculously large coat, unless it was because he did not want to reveal the smock beneath it. He flapped after the girls, looking ludicrously batlike, like his older self.The sisters considered him, united in disapproval, both holding on to one of the swing poles, as though it was the safe place in tag.You are, said Snape to Lily. You are a witch. I've been watching you for a while. But there's nothing wrong with that. My mum's one, and I'm a wizard.Petunia's laugh was like cold water.Wizard! she shrieked, her courage returned now that she had recovered from the shock of his unexpected appearance. I know who you are. You're that Snape boy! They live down Spinner's End by the river, she told Lily, and it was evident from her tone that she considered the address a poor recommendation. Why have you been spying on us?Haven't been spying, said Snape, hot and uncomfortable and dirty-haired in the bright sunlight. Wouldn't spy on you, anyway, he added spitefully, you're a Muggle.Though Petunia evidently did not understand the word, she could hardly mistake the tone.Lily, come on, we're leaving! she said shrilly. Lily obeyed her sister at once, glaring at Snape as she left. He stood watching them as they marched through the playground gate, and Harry, the only one left to observe him, recognized Snape's bitter disappointment, and understood that Snape had been planning this moment for a while, and that it had all gone wrong...The scene dissolved, and before Harry knew it, re-formed around him. He was now in a small thicket of trees. He could see a sunlit river glittering through their trunks. The shadows cast by the trees made a basin of cool green shade. Two children sat facing each other, cross-legged on the ground. Snape had removed his coat now	 his odd smock looked less peculiar in the half light....and the Ministry can punish you if you do magic outside school, you get letters.But I have done magic outside school!We're all right. We haven't got wands yet. They let you off when you're a kid and you can't help it. But once you're eleven, he nodded importantly, and they start training you, then you've got to go careful.There was a little silence. Lily had picked up a fallen twig and twirled it in the air, and Harry knew that she was imagining sparks trailing from it. Then she dropped the twig, leaned in toward the boy, and said, It is real, isn't it? It's not a joke? Petunia says you're lying to me. Petunia says there isn't a Hogwarts. It is real, isn't it?It's real for us, said Snape. Not for her. But we'll get the letter, you and me.Really? whispered Lily.Definitely, said Snape, and even with his poorly cut hair and his odd clothes, he struck an oddly impressive figure sprawled in front of her, brimful of confidence in his destiny.And will it really come by owl? Lily whispered.Normally, said Snape. But you're Muggle-born, so someone from the school will have to come and explain to your parents.Does it make a difference, being Muggle-born?Snape hesitated. His black eyes, eager in the greenish gloom, moved over the pale face, the dark red hair.No, he said. It doesn't make any difference.Good, said Lily, relaxing. It was clear that she had been worrying.You've got loads of magic, said Snape. I saw that. All the time I was watching you...His voice trailed away	 she was not listening, but had stretched out on the leafy ground and was looking up at the canopy of leaves overhead. He watched her as greedily as he had watched her in the playground.How are things at your house? Lily asked.A little crease appeared between his eyes.Fine, he said.They're not arguing anymore?Oh yes, they're arguing, said Snape. He picked up a fistful of leaves and began tearing them apart, apparently unaware of what he was doing. But it won't be that long and I'll be gone.Doesn't your dad like magic?He doesn't like anything, much, said Snape.Severus?A little smile twisted Snape's mouth when she said his name.Yeah?Tell me about the dementors again.What d'you want to know about them for?If I use magic outside school C They wouldn't give you to the dementors for that! Dementors are for people who do really bad stuff. They guard the wizard prison, Azkaban. You're not going to end up in Azkaban, you're too C He turned red again and shredded more leaves. Then a small rustling noise behind Harry made him turn: Petunia, hiding behind a tree, had lost her footing.Tuney! said Lily, surprise and welcome in her voice, but Snape had jumped to his feet.Who's spying now? he shouted. What d'you want?Petunia was breathless, alarmed at being caught. Harry could see her struggling for something hurtful to say.What is that you're wearing, anyway? she said, pointing at Snape's chest. Your mum's blouse?There was a crack. A branch over Petunia's head had fallen. Lily screamed. The branch caught Petunia on the shoulder, and she staggered backward and burst into tears.Tuney!But Petunia was running away. Lily rounded on Snape.Did you make that happen?No. He looked both defiant and scared.You did! She was backing away from him. You did! You hurt her!No C no, I didn't!But the lie did not convince Lily. After one last burning look, she ran from the little thicket, off after her sister, and Snape looked miserable and confused...And the scene re-formed. Harry looked around. He was on platform nine and three quarters, and Snape stood beside him, slightly hunched, next to a thin, sallow-faced, sour-looking woman who greatly resembled him. Snape was staring at a family of four a short distance away. The two girls stood a little apart from their parents. Lily seemed to be pleading with her sister. Harry moved closer to listen....I'm sorry, Tuney, I'm sorry! Listen C  She caught her sister's hand and held tight to it, even though Petunia tried to pull it away. Maybe once I'm there C no, listen, Tuney! Maybe once I'm there, I'll be able to go to Professor Dumbledore and persuade him to change his mind!I don't C want C to C go! said Petunia, and she dragged her hand back out of her sister's grasp. You think I want to go to some stupid castle and learn to be a C a...Her pale eyes roved over the platform, over the cats mewling in their owners' arms, over the owls, fluttering and hooting at each other in cages, over the students, some already in their long black robes, loading trunks onto the scarlet steam engine or else greeting one another with glad cries after a summer apart. C you think I want to be a C a freak?Lily's eyes filled with tears as Petunia succeeded in tugging her hand away.I'm not a freak, said Lily. That's a horrible thing to say.That's where you're going, said Petunia with relish. A special school for freaks. You and that Snape boy...weirdos, that's what you two are. It's good you're being separated from normal people. It's for our safety.Lily glanced toward her parents, who were looking around the platform with an air of wholehearted enjoyment, drinking in the scene. Then she looked back at her sister, and her voice was low and fierce.You didn't think it was such a freak's school when you wrote to the headmaster and begged him to take you.Petunia turned scarlet.Beg? I didn't beg!I saw his reply. It was very kind.You shouldn't have read C  whispered Petunia, that was my private C how could you C?Lily gave herself away by half-glancing toward where Snape stood nearby. Petunia gasped.That boy found it! You and that boy have been sneaking in my room!No C not sneaking C  Now Lily was on the defensive. Severus saw the envelope, and he couldn't believe a Muggle could have contacted Hogwarts, that's all! He says there must be wizards working undercover in the postal service who take care of C Apparently wizards poke their noses in everywhere! said Petunia, now as pale as she had been flushed. Freak! she spat at her sister, and she flounced off to where her parents stood...The scene dissolved again. Snape was hurrying along the corridor of the Hogwarts Express as it clattered through the countryside. He had already changed into his school robes, had perhaps taken the first opportunity to take off his dreadful Muggle clothes. At last he stopped, outside a compartment in which a group of rowdy boys were talking. Hunched in a corner seat beside the window was Lily, her face pressed against the windowpane.Snape slid open the compartment door and sat down opposite Lily. She glanced at him and then looked back out of the window. She had been crying.I don't want to talk to you, she said in a constricted voice.Why not?Tuney h-hates me. Because we saw that letter from Dumbledore.So what?She threw him a look of deep dislike.So she's my sister!She's only a C  He caught himself quickly	 Lily, too busy trying to wipe her eyes without being noticed, did not hear him.But we're going! he said, unable to suppress the exhilaration in his voice. This is it! We're off to Hogwarts!She nodded, mopping her eyes, but in spite of herself, she half smiled.You'd better be in Slytherin, said Snape, encouraged that she had brightened a little.Slytherin?One of the boys sharing the compartment, who had shown no interest at all in Lily or Snape until that point, looked around at the word, and Harry, whose attention had been focused entirely on the two beside the window, saw his father: slight, black-haired like Snape, but with that indefinable air of having been well-cared-for, even adored, that Snape so conspicuously lacked.Who wants to be in Slytherin? I think I'd leave, wouldn't you? James asked the boy lounging on the seats opposite him, and with a jolt, Harry realized that it was Sirius. Sirius did not smile.My whole family have been in Slytherin, he said.Blimey, said James, and I thought you seemed all right!Sirius grinned.Maybe I'll break the tradition. Where are you heading, if you've got the choice?James lifted an invisible sword.'Gryffindor, where dwell the brave at heart!' Like my dad.Snape made a small, disparaging noise. James turned on him.Got a problem with that?No, said Snape, though his slight sneer said otherwise. If you'd rather be brawny than brainy C Where're you hoping to go, seeing as you're neither? interjected Sirius.James roared with laughter. Lily sat up, rather flushed, and looked from James to Sirius in dislike.Come on, Severus, let's find another compartment.Oooooo...James and Sirius imitated her lofty voice	 James tried to trip Snape as he passed.See ya, Snivellus! a voice called, as the compartment door slammed...And the scene dissolved once more...Harry was standing right behind Snape as they faced the candlelit House tables, lined with rapt faces. Then Professor McGonagall said, Evans, Lily!He watched his mother walk forward on trembling legs and sit down upon the rickety stool. Professor McGonagall dropped the Sorting Hat onto her head, and barely a second after it had touched the dark red hair, the hat cried, Gryffindor!Harry heard Snape let out a tiny groan. Lily took off the hat, handed it back to Professor McGonagall, then hurried toward the cheering Gryffindors, but as she went she glanced back at Snape, and there was a sad little smile on her face. Harry saw Sirius move up the bench to make room for her. She took one look at him, seemed to recognize him from the train, folded her arms, and firmly turned her back on him.The roll call continued. Harry watched Lupin, Pettigrew, and his father join Lily and Sirius at the Gryffindor table. At last, when only a dozen students remained to be sorted, Professor McGonagall called Snape.Harry walked with him to the stool, watched him place the hat upon his head. Slytherin! cried the Sorting Hat.And Severus Snape moved off to the other side of the Hall, away from Lily, to where the Slytherins were cheering him, to where Lucius Malfoy, a prefect badge gleaming upon his chest, patted Snape on the back as he sat down beside him...And the scene changed...Lily and Snape were walking across the castle courtyard, evidently arguing. Harry hurried to catch up with them, to listen in. As he reached them, he realized how much taller they both were. A few years seemed to have passed since their Sorting....thought we were supposed to be friends? Snape was saying, Best friends?We are, Sev, but I don't like some of the people you're hanging round with! I'm sorry, but I detest Avery and Mulciber! Mulciber! What do you see in him, Sev, he's creepy! D'you know what he tried to do to Mary Macdonald the other day?Lily had reached a pillar and leaned against it, looking up into the thin, sallow face.That was nothing, said Snape. It was a laugh, that's all C It was Dark Magic, and if you think that's funny C What about the stuff Potter and his mates get up to? demanded Snape. His color rose again as he said it, unable, it seemed, to hold in his resentment.What's Potter got to do with anything? said Lily.They sneak out at night. There's something weird about that Lupin. Where does he keep going?He's ill, said Lily. They say he's ill C Every month at the full moon? said Snape.I know your theory, said Lily, and she sounded cold. Why are you so obsessed with them anyway? Why do you care what they're doing at night?I'm just trying to show you they're not as wonderful as everyone seems to think they are.The intensity of his gaze made her blush.They don't use Dark Magic, though. She dropped her voice. And you're being really ungrateful. I heard what happened the other night. You went sneaking down that tunnel by the Whomping Willow, and James Potter saved you from whatever's down there C Snape's whole face contorted and he spluttered, Saved? Saved? You think he was playing the hero? He was saving his neck and his friends' too! You're not going to C I won't let you C Let me? Let me?Lily's bright green eyes were slits. Snape backtracked at once.I didn't mean C I just don't want to see you made a fool of C He fancies you, James Potter fancies you! The words seemed wrenched from him against his will. And he's not...everyone thinks...big Quidditch hero C  Snape's bitterness and dislike were rendering him incoherent, and Lily's eyebrows were traveling farther and farther up her forehead.I know James Potter's an arrogant toerag, she said, cutting across Snape. I don't need you to tell me that. But Mulciber's and Avery's idea of humor is just evil. Evil, Sev. I don't understand how you can be friends with them.Harry doubted that Snape had even heard her strictures on Mulciber and Avery. The moment she had insulted James Potter, his whole body had relaxed, and as they walked away there was a new spring in Snape's step...And the scene dissolved...Harry watched again as Snape left the Great Hall after sitting his O.W.L. in Defense Against the Dark Arts, watched as he wandered away from the castle and strayed inadvertently close to the place beneath the beech tree where James, Sirius, Lupin, and Pettigrew sat together. But Harry kept his distance this time, because he knew what happened after James had hoisted Severus into the air and taunted him	 he knew what had been done and said, and it gave him no pleasure to hear it again... He watched as Lily joined the group and went to Snape's defense. Distantly he heard Snape shout at her in his humiliation and his fury, the unforgivable word: Mudblood.The scene changed...I'm sorry.I'm not interested.I'm sorry!Save your breathIt was nighttime. Lily, who was wearing a dressing gown, stood with her arms folded in front of the portrait of the Fat Lady, at the entrance to Gryffindor Tower.I only came out because Mary told me you were threatening to sleep here.I was. I would have done. I never meant to call you Mudblood, it just C Slipped out? There was no pity in Lily's voice. It's too late. I've made excuses for you for years. None of my friends can understand why I even talk to you. You and your precious little Death Eater friends C you see, you don't even deny it! You don't even deny that's what you're all aiming to be! You can't wait to join You-Know-Who, can you?He opened his mouth, but closed it without speaking.I can't pretend anymore. You've chosen your way, I've chosen mine.No C listen, I didn't mean C  C to call me Mudblood? But you call everyone of my birth Mudblood, Severus. Why should I be any different?He struggled on the verge of speech, but with a contemptuous look she turned and climbed back through the portrait hole...The corridor dissolved, and the scene took a little longer to reform: Harry seemed to fly through shifting shapes and colors until his surroundings solidified again and he stood on a hilltop, forlorn and cold in the darkness, the wind whistling through the branches of a few leafless trees. The adult Snape was panting, turning on the spot, his wand gripped tightly in his hand, waiting for something or for someone... His fear infected Harry too, even though he knew that he could not be harmed, and he looked over his shoulder, wondering what it was that Snape was waiting for C Then a blinding, jagged jet of white light flew through the air. Harry thought of lightning, but Snape had dropped to his knees and his wand had flown out of his hand.Don't kill me!That was not my intention.Any sound of Dumbledore Apparating had been drowned by the sound of the wind in the branches. He stood before Snape with his robes whipping around him, and his face was illuminated from below in the light cast by his wand.Well, Severus? What message does Lord Voldemort have for me?No C no message C I'm here on my own account!Snape was wringing his hands. He looked a little mad, with his straggling black hair flying around him.I C I come with a warning C no, a request C please C Dumbledore flicked his wand. Though leaves and branches still flew through the night air around them, silence fell on the spot where he and Snape faced each other.What request could a Death Eater make of me?The C the prophecy...the prediction...Trelawney...Ah, yes, said Dumbledore. How much did you relay to Lord Voldemort?Everything C everything I heard! said Snape. That is why C it is for that reason C he thinks it means Lily Evans!The prophecy did not refer to a woman, said Dumbledore. It spoke of a boy born at the end of July C You know what I mean! He thinks it means her son, he is going to hunt her down C kill them all C If she means so much to you, said Dumbledore, surely Lord Voldemort will spare her? Could you not ask for mercy for the mother, in exchange for the son?I have C I have asked him C You disgust me, said Dumbledore, and Harry had never heard so much contempt in his voice. Snape seemed to shrink a little, You do not care, then, about the deaths of her husband and child? They can die, as long as you have what you want?Snape said nothing, but merely looked up at Dumbledore.Hide them all, then, he croaked. Keep her C them C safe. Please.And what will you give me in return, Severus?In C in return? Snape gaped at Dumbledore, and Harry expected him to protest, but after a long moment he said, Anything.The hilltop faded, and Harry stood in Dumbledore's office, and something was making a terrible sound, like a wounded animal. Snape was slumped forward in a chair and Dumbledore was standing over him, looking grim. After a moment or two, Snape raised his face, and he looked like a man who had lived a hundred years of misery since leaving the wild hilltop.I thought...you were going...to keep her...safe...She and James put their faith in the wrong person, said Dumbledore. Rather like you, Severus. Weren't you hoping that Lord Voldemort would spare her?Snape's breathing was shallow.Her boy survives, said Dumbledore.With a tiny jerk of the head, Snape seemed to flick off an irksome fly.Her son lives. He has her eyes, precisely her eyes. You remember the shape and color of Lily Evans's eyes, I am sure?DON'T! bellowed Snape. Gone...dead...Is this remorse, Severus?I wish...I wish I were dead...And what use would that be to anyone? said Dumbledore coldly. If you loved Lily Evans, if you truly loved her, then your way forward is clear.Snape seemed to peer through a haze of pain, and Dumbledore's words appeared to take a long time to reach him.What C what do you mean?You know how and why she died. Make sure it was not in vain. Help me protect Lily's son.He does not need protection. The Dark Lord has gone C The Dark Lord will return, and Harry Potter will be in terrible danger when he does.There was a long pause, and slowly Snape regained control of himself, mastered his own breathing. At last he said, Very well. Very well. But never C never tell, Dumbledore! This must be between us! Swear it! I cannot bear...especially Potter's son...I want your word!My word, Severus, that I shall never reveal the best of you? Dumbledore sighed, looking down into Snape's ferocious, anguished face. If you insist...The office dissolved but re-formed instantly. Snape was pacing up and down in front of Dumbledore. C mediocre, arrogant as his father, a determined rule-breaker, delighted to find himself famous, attention-seeking and impertinent C You see what you expect to see, Severus, said Dumbledore, without raising his eyes from a copy of Transfiguration Today. Other teachers report that the boy is modest, likable, and reasonably talented. Personally, I find him an engaging child.Dumbledore turned a page, and said, without looking up, Keep an eye on Quirrell, won't you?A whirl of color, and now everything darkened, and Snape and Dumbledore stood a little apart in the entrance hall, while the last stragglers from the Yule Ball passed them on their way to bed.Well? murmured Dumbledore.Karkaroff's Mark is becoming darker too. He is panicking, he fears retribution	 you know how much help he gave the Ministry after the Dark Lord fell. Snape looked sideways at Dumbledore's crooked-nosed profile. Karkaroff intends to flee if the Mark burns.Does he? said Dumbledore softly, as Fleur Delacour and Roger Davies came giggling in from the grounds. And are you tempted to join him?No, said Snape, his black eyes on Fleur's and Roger's retreating figures. I am not such a coward.No, agreed Dumbledore. You are a braver man by far than Igor Karkaroff. You know, I sometimes think we Sort too soon...He walked away, leaving Snape looking stricken...And now Harry stood in the headmaster's office yet again. It was nighttime, and Dumbledore sagged sideways in the thronelike chair behind the desk, apparently semiconscious. His right hand dangled over the side, blackened and burned. Snape was muttering incantations, pointing his wand at the wrist of the hand, while with his left hand he tipped a goblet full of thick golden potion down Dumbledore's throat. After a moment or two, Dumbledore's eyelids fluttered and opened.Why, said Snape, without preamble, why did you put on that ring? It carries a curse, surely you realized that. Why even touch it?Marvolo Gaunt's ring lay on the desk before Dumbledore. It was cracked	 the sword of Gryffindor lay beside it.Dumbledore grimaced.I...was a fool. Sorely tempted...Tempted by what?Dumbledore did not answer.It is a miracle you managed to return here! Snape sounded furious. That ring carried a curse of extraordinary power, to contain it is all we can hope for	 I have trapped the curse in one hand for the time being C Dumbledore raised his blackened, useless hand, and examined it with the expression of one being shown an interesting curio.You have done very well, Severus. How long do you think I have?Dumbledore's tone was conversational	 he might have been asking for a weather forecast. Snape hesitated, and then said, I cannot tell. Maybe a year. There is no halting such a spell forever. It will spread eventually, it is the sort of curse that strengthens over time.Dumbledore smiled. The news that he had less than a year to live seemed a matter of little or no concern to him.I am fortunate, extremely fortunate, that I have you, Severus.If you had only summoned me a little earlier, I might have been able to do more, buy you more time! said Snape furiously. He looked down at the broken ring and the sword. Did you think that breaking the ring would break the curse?Something like that...I was delirious, no doubt... said Dumbledore. With an effort he straightened himself in his chair. Well, really, this makes matters much more straightforward.Snape looked utterly perplexed. Dumbledore smiled.I refer to the plan Lord Voldemort is revolving around me. His plan to have the poor Malfoy boy murder me.Snape sat down in the chair Harry had so often occupied, across the desk from Dumbledore. Harry could tell that he wanted to say more on the subject of Dumbledore's cursed hand, but the other held it up in polite refusal to discuss the matter further. Scowling, Snape said, The Dark Lord does not expect Draco to succeed. This is merely punishment for Lucius's recent failures. Slow torture for Draco's parents, while they watch him fail and pay the price.In short, the boy has had a death sentence pronounced upon him as surely as I have, said Dumbledore. Now, I should have thought the natural successor to the job, once Draco fails, is yourself?There was a short pause.That, I think, is the Dark Lord's plan.Lord Voldemort foresees a moment in the near future when he will not need a spy at Hogwarts?He believes the school will soon be in his grasp, yes.And if it does fall into his grasp, said Dumbledore, almost, it seemed, as an aside, I have your word that you will do all in your power to protect the students at Hogwarts?Snape gave a stiff nod.Good. Now then. Your first priority will be to discover what Draco is up to. A frightened teenage boy is a danger to others as well as to himself. Offer him help and guidance, he ought to accept, he likes you C  C much less since his father has lost favor. Draco blames me, he thinks I have usurped Lucius's position.All the same, try. I am concerned less for myself than for accidental victims of whatever schemes might occur to the boy. Ultimately, of course, there is only one thing to be done if we are to save him from Lord Voldemort's wrath.Snape raised his eyebrows and his tone was sardonic as he asked, Are you intending to let him kill you?Certainly not. You must kill me.There was a long silence, broken only by an odd clicking noise. Fawkes the phoenix was gnawing a bit of cuttlebone.Would you like me to do it now? asked Snape, his voice heavy with irony. Or would you like a few moments to compose an epitaph?Oh, not quite yet, said Dumbledore, smiling. I daresay the moment will present itself in due course. Given what has happened tonight, he indicated his withered hand, we can be sure that it will happen within a year.If you don't mind dying, said Snape roughly, why not let Draco do it?That boy's soul is not yet so damaged, said Dumbledore. I would not have it ripped apart on my account.And my soul, Dumbledore? Mine?You alone know whether it will harm your soul to help an old man avoid pain and humiliation, said Dumbledore. I ask this one great favor of you, Severus, because death is coming for me as surely as the Chudley Cannons will finish bottom of this year's league. I confess I should prefer a quick, painless exit to the protracted and messy affair it will be if, for instance, Greyback is involved C I hear Voldemort has recruited him? Or dear Bellatrix, who likes to play with her food before she eats it.His tone was light, but his blue eyes pierced Snape as they had frequently pierced Harry, as though the soul they discussed was visible to him. At last Snape gave another curt nod.Dumbledore seemed satisfied.Thank you, Severus...The office disappeared, and now Snape and Dumbledore were strolling together in the deserted castle grounds by twilight.What are you doing with Potter, all these evenings you are closeted together? Snape asked abruptly.Dumbledore looked weary.Why? You aren't trying to give him more detentions, Severus? The boy will soon have spent more time in detention than out.He is his father over again C In looks, perhaps, but his deepest nature is much more like his mother's. I spend time with Harry because I have things to discuss with him, information I must give him before it is too late.Information, repeated Snape. You trust him...you do not trust me.It is not a question of trust. I have, as we both know, limited time. It is essential that I give the boy enough information for him to do what he needs to do.And why may I not have the same information?I prefer not to put all of my secrets in one basket, particularly not a basket that spends so much time dangling on the arm of Lord Voldemort.Which I do on your orders!And you do it extremely well. Do not think that I underestimate the constant danger in which you place yourself, Severus. To give Voldemort what appears to be valuable information while withholding the essentials is a job I would entrust to nobody but you.Yet you confide much more in a boy who is incapable of Occlumency, whose magic is mediocre, and who has a direct connection into the Dark Lord's mind!Voldemort fears that connection, said Dumbledore. Not so long ago he had one small taste of what truly sharing Harry's mind means to him. It was pain such as he has never experienced. He will not try to possess Harry again, I am sure of it. Not in that way.I don't understand.Lord Voldemort's soul, maimed as it is, cannot bear close contact with a soul like Harry's. Like a tongue on frozen steel, like flesh in flame C Souls? We were talking of minds!In the case of Harry and Lord Voldemort, to speak of one is to speak of the other.Dumbledore glanced around to make sure that they were alone. They were close by the Forbidden Forest now, but there was no sign of anyone near them.After you have killed me, Severus C You refuse to tell me everything, yet you expect that small service of me! snarled Snape, and real anger flared in the thin face now. You take a great deal for granted, Dumbledore! Perhaps I have changed my mind!You gave me your word, Severus. And while we are talking about services you owe me, I thought you agreed to keep a close eye on our young Slytherin friend?Snape looked angry, mutinous. Dumbledore sighed.Come to my office tonight, Severus, at eleven, and you shall not complain that I have no confidence in you...They were back in Dumbledore's office, the windows dark, and Fawkes sat silent as Snape sat quite still, as Dumbledore walked around him, talking.Harry must not know, not until the last moment, not until it is necessary, otherwise how could he have the strength to do what must be done?But what must he do?That is between Harry and me. Now listen closely, Severus. There will come a time C after my death C do not argue, do not interrupt! There will come a time when Lord Voldemort will seem to fear for the life of his snake.For Nagini? Snape looked astonished.Precisely. If there comes a time when Lord Voldemort stops sending that snake forth to do his bidding, but keeps it safe beside him under magical protection, then, I think, it will be safe to tell Harry.Tell him what?Dumbledore took a deep breath and closed his eyes.Tell him that on the night Lord Voldemort tried to kill him, when Lily cast her own life between them as a shield, the Killing Curse rebounded upon Lord Voldemort, and a fragment of Voldemort's soul was blasted apart from the whole, and latched itself onto the only living soul left in that collapsed building. Part of Lord Voldemort lives inside Harry, and it is that which gives him the power of speech with snakes, and a connection with Lord Voldemort's mind that he has never understood. And while that fragment of soul, unmissed by Voldemort, remains attached to and protected by Harry, Lord Voldemort cannot die.Harry seemed to be watching the two men from one end of a long tunnel, they were so far away from him, their voices echoing strangely in his ears.So the boy...the boy must die? asked Snape quite calmly.And Voldemort himself must do it, Severus. That is essential.Another long silence. Then Snape said, I thought...all those years...that we were protecting him for her. For Lily.We have protected him because it has been essential to teach him, to raise him, to let him try his strength, said Dumbledore, his eyes still tight shut. Meanwhile, the connection between them grows ever stronger, a parasitic growth. Sometimes I have thought he suspects it himself. If I know him, he will have arranged matters so that when he does set out to meet his death, it will truly mean the end of Voldemort.Dumbledore opened his eyes. Snape looked horrified.You have kept him alive so that he can die at the right moment?Don't be shocked, Severus. How many men and women have you watched die?Lately, only those whom I could not save, said Snape. He stood up. You have used me.Meaning?I have spied for you and lied for you, put myself in mortal danger for you. Everything was supposed to be to keep Lily Potter's son safe. Now you tell me you have been raising him like a pig for slaughter C But this is touching, Severus, said Dumbledore seriously. Have you grown to care for the boy, after all?For him? shouted Snape. Expecto Patronum!From the tip of his wand burst the silver doe. She landed on the office floor, bounded once across the office, and soared out of the window. Dumbledore watched her fly away, and as her silvery glow faded he turned back to Snape, and his eyes were full of tears.After all this time?Always, said Snape.And the scene shifted. Now, Harry saw Snape talking to the portrait of Dumbledore behind his desk.You will have to give Voldemort the correct date of Harry's departure from his aunt and uncle's, said Dumbledore. Not to do so will raise suspicion, when Voldemort believes you so well informed. However, you must plant the idea of decoys
Deathly Hallows=Finally, the truth. Lying with his face pressed into the dusty carpet of the office where he had once thought he was learning the secrets of victory, Harry understood at last that he was not supposed to survive. His job was to walk calmly into Death's welcoming arms. Along the way, he was to dispose of Voldemort's remaining links to life, so that when at last he flung himself across Voldemort's path, and did not raise a wand to defend himself, the end would be clean, and the job that ought to have been done in Godric's Hollow would be finished. Neither would live, neither could survive.He felt his heart pounding fiercely in his chest. How strange that in his dread of death, it pumped all the harder, valiantly keeping him alive. But it would have to stop, and soon. Its beats were numbered. How many would there be time for, as he rose and walked through the castle for the last time, out into the grounds and into the forest?Terror washed over him as he lay on the floor, with that funeral drum pounding inside him. Would it hurt to die? All those times he had thought that it was about to happen and escaped, he had never really thought of the thing itself: His will to live had always been so much stronger than his fear of death. Yet it did not occur to him now to try to escape, to outrun Voldemort. It was over, he knew it, and all that was left was the thing itself: dying.If he could only have died on that summer's night when he had left number four, Privet Drive, for the last time, when the noble phoenix feather wand had saved him! If he could only have died like Hedwig, so quickly he would not have known it had happened! Or if he could have launched himself in front of a wand to save someone he loved... He envied even his parents' deaths now. This cold-blooded walk to his own destruction would require a different kind of bravery. He felt his fingers trembling slightly and made an effort to control them, although no one could see him	 the portraits on the walls were all empty.Slowly, very slowly, he sat up, and as he did so he felt more alive and more aware of his own living body than ever before. Why had he never appreciated what a miracle he was, brain and nerve and bounding heart? It would all be gone... or at least, he would be gone from it. His breath came slow and deep, and his mouth and throat were completely dry, but so were his eyes.Dumbledore's betrayal was almost nothing. Of course there had been a bigger plan: Harry had simply been too foolish to see it, he realized that now. He had never questioned his own assumption that Dumbledore wanted him alive. Now he saw that his life span had always been determined by how long it took to eliminate all the Horcruxes. Dumbledore had passed the job of destroying them to him, and obediently he had continued to chip away at the bonds tying not only Voldemort, but himself, to life! How neat, how elegant, not to waste any more lives, but to give the dangerous task to the boy who had already been marked for slaughter, and whose death would not be a calamity, but another blow against Voldemort.And Dumbledore had known that Harry would not duck out, that he would keep going to the end, even though it was his end, because he had taken trouble to get to know him, hadn't he? Dumbledore knew, as Voldemort knew, that Harry would not let anyone else die for him now that he had discovered it was in his power to stop it. The images of Fred, Lupin, and Tonks lying dead in the Great Hall forced their way back into his mind's eye, and for a moment he could hardly breathe. Death was impatient...But Dumbledore had overestimated him. He had failed: The snake survived. One Horcrux remained to bind Voldemort to the earth, even after Harry had been killed. True, that would mean an easier job for somebody. He wondered who would do it... Ron and Hermione would know what needed to be done, of course... That would have been why Dumbledore wanted him to confide in two others... so that if he fulfilled his true destiny a little early, they could carry on...Like rain on a cold window, these thoughts pattered against the hard surface of the incontrovertible truth, which was that he must die. I must die. It must end.Ron and Hermione seemed a long way away, in a far-off country	 he felt as though he had parted from them long ago. There would be no good-byes and no explanations, he was determined of that. This was a journey they could not take together, and the attempts they would make to stop him would waste valuable time. He looked down at the battered gold watch he had received on his seventeenth birthday. Nearly half of the hour allotted by Voldemort for his surrender had elapsed.He stood up. His heart was leaping against his ribs like a frantic bird. Perhaps it knew it had little time left, perhaps it was determined to fulfill a lifetime's beats before the end. He did not look back as he closed the office door.The castle was empty. He felt ghostly striding through it alone, as if he had already died. The portrait people were still missing from their frames	 the whole place was eerily still, as if all its remaining lifeblood were concentrated in the Great Hall where the dead and the mourners were crammed.Harry pulled the Invisibility Cloak over himself and descended through the floors, at last walking down the marble staircase into the entrance hall. Perhaps some tiny part of him hoped to be sensed, to be seen, to be stopped, but the Cloak was, as ever, impenetrable, perfect, and he reached the front doors easily.Then Neville nearly walked into him. He was one half of a pair that was carrying a body in from the grounds. Harry glanced down and felt another dull blow to his stomach: Colon Creevey, though underage, must have sneaked back just as Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle had done. He was tiny in death.You know what? I can manage him alone, Neville, said Oliver Wood, and he heaved Colin over his shoulder in a fireman's lift and carried him into the Great Hall.Neville leaned against the door frame for a moment and wiped his forehead with the back of his hand. He looked like an old man. Then he set off on the steps again into the darkness to recover more bodies.Harry took one glance back at the entrance of the Great Hall. People were moving around, trying to comfort each other, drinking, kneeling beside the dead, but he could not see any of the people he loved, no hint of Hermione, Ron, Ginny, or any of the other Weasleys, no Luna. He felt he would have given all the time remaining to him for just one last look at them	 but then, would he ever have the strength to stop looking? It was better like this.He moved down the steps and out into the darkness. It was nearly four in the morning, and the deathly stillness of the grounds felt as though they were holding their breath, waiting to see whether he could do what he must.Harry moved toward Neville, who was bending over another body.Neville.Blimey, Harry, you nearly gave me heart failure!Harry had pulled off the Cloak: The idea had come to him out of nowhere, born out of a desire to make absolutely sure.Where are you going, alone? Neville asked suspiciously.It's all part of the plan, said Harry. There's something I've got to do. Listen CNeville CHarry! Neville looked suddenly scared. Harry, you're not thinking of handing yourself over?No, Harry lied easily. 'Course not... this is something else. But I might be out of sight for a while. You know Voldemort's snake. Neville? He's got a huge snake... Calls it Nagini...I've heard, yeah... What about it?It's got to be killed. Ron and Hermione know that, but just in case they CThe awfulness of that possibility smothered him for a moment, made it impossible to keep talking. But he pulled himself together again: This was crucial, he must be like Dumbledore, keep a cool head, make sure there were backups, others to carry on. Dumbledore had died knowing that three people still knew about the Horcruxes	 now Neville would take Harry's place: There would still be three in the secret.Just in case they're C busy C and you get the chance CKill the snake?Kill the snake, Harry repeated.All right, Harry. You're okay, are you?I'm fine. Thanks, Neville.But Neville seized his wrist as Harry made to move on.We're all going to keep fighting, Harry. You know that?Yeah, I CThe suffocating feeling extinguished the end of the sentence	 he could not go on. Neville did not seem to find it strange. He patted Harry on the shoulder, released him, and walked away to look for more bodies.Harry swung the Cloak back over himself and walked on. Someone else was moving not far away, stooping over another prone figure on the ground. He was feet away from her when he realized it was Ginny.He stopped in his tracks. She was crouching over a girl who was whispering for her mother.It's all right, Ginny was saying. It's ok. We're going to get you inside.But I want to go home, whispered the girl. I don't want to fight anymore!I know, said Ginny, and her voice broke. It's going to be all right.Ripples of cold undulated over Harry's skin. He wanted to shout out to the night, he wanted Ginny to know that he was there, he wanted her to know where he was going. He wanted to be stopped, to be dragged back, to be sent back home....But he was home. Hogwards was the first and best home he had known. He and Voldemort and Snape, the abandoned boys, had all found home here....Ginny was kneeling beside the injured girl now, holding her hand. With a huge effort Harry forced himself on. He thought he saw Ginny look around as he passed, and wondered whether she had sensed someone walking nearby, but he did not speak, and he did not look back.Hagrid's hut loomed out of the darkness. There were no lights, no sound of Fang scrabbling at the door, his bark booming in welcome. All those visits to Hagrid, and the gleam of the copper kettle on the fire, and rock cakes and giant grubs, and his great bearded face, and Ron vomiting slugs, and Hermione helping him save Norbert...He moved on, and now he reached the edge of the forest, and he stopped.A swarm of dementors was gliding amongst the trees	 he could feel their chill, and he was not sure he would be able to pass safely through it. He had not strength left for a Patronus. He could no longer control his own trembling. It was not, after all, so easy to die. Every second he breathed, the smell of the grass, the cool air on his face, was so precious: To think that people had years and years, time to waste, so much time it dragged, and he was clinging to each second. At the same time he thought that he would not be able to go on, and knew that he must. The long game was ended, the Snitch had been caught, it was time to leave the air....The Snitch. His nerveless fingers fumbled for a moment with the pouch at his neck and he pulled it out.I open at the close.Breathing fast and hard, he stared down at it. Now that he wanted time to move as slowly as possible, he seemed to have sped up, and understanding was coming so fast it seemed to have bypassed though. This was the close. This was the moment.He pressed the golden metal to his lips and whispered, I am about to die.The metal shell broke open. He lowered his shaking hand, raised Draco's wand beneath the Cloak, and murmured, Lumos.The black stone with is jagged crack running down the center sat in the two halves of the Snitch. The Resurrection Stone had cracked down the vertical line representing the Elder Wand. The triangle and circle representing the Cloak and the stone were still discernible.And again Harry understood without having to think. It did not matter about bringing them back, for he was about to join them. He was not really fetching them: They were fetching him.He closed his eyes and turned the stone over in his hand three times.He knew it had happened, because he heard slight movements around him that suggested frail bodies shifting their footing on the earthy, twig-strewn ground that marked the outer edge of the forest. He opened his eyes and looked around.They were neither ghost nor truly flesh, he could see that. They resembled most closely the Riddle that had escaped from the diary so long ago, and he had been memory made nearly solid. Less substantial than living bodies, but much more than ghosts, they moved toward him. And on each face, there was the same loving smile.James was exactly the same height as Harry. He was wearing the clothes in which he had died, and his hair was untidy and ruffled, and his glasses were a little lopsided, like Mr. Weasley's.Sirius was tall and handsome, and younger by far than Harry had seen him in life. He loped with an easy grace, his hands in his pockets and a grin on his face.Lupin was younger too, and much less shabby, and his hair was thicker and darker. He looked happy to be back in this familiar place, scene of so many adolescent wanderings.Lily's smile was widest of all. She pushed her long hair back as she drew closer to him, and her green eyes, so like his, searched his face hungrily, as though she would never be able to look at him enough.You've been so brave.He could not speak. His eyes feasted on her, and he thought that he would like to stand and look at her forever, and that would be enough.You are nearly there, said James. Very close. We are... so proud of you.Does it hurt?The childish question had fallen from Harry's lips before he could stop it.Dying? Not at all, said Sirius. Quicker and easier than falling asleep.And he will want it to be quick. He wants it over, said Lupin.I didn't want you to die, Harry said. These words came without his volition. Any of you. I'm sorry CHe addressed Lupin more than any of them, beseeching him.C right after you'd had your son... Remus, I'm sorry CI am sorry too, said Lupin. Sorry I will never know him... but he will know why I died and I hope he will understand. I was trying to make a world in which he could live a happier life.A chilly breeze that seemed to emanate from the heart of the forest lifted the hair at Harry's brow. He knew that they would not tell him to go, that it would have to be his decision.You'll stay with me?Until the very end, said James.They won't be able to see you? asked Harry.We are part of you, said Sirius. Invisible to anyone else.Harry looked at his mother.Stay close to me, he said quietly.And he set of. The dementors' chill did not overcome him	 he passed through it with his companions, and they acted like Patronuses to him, and together they marched through the old trees that grew closely together, their branches tangled, their roots gnarled and twisted underfoot. Harry clutched the Cloak tightly around him in the darkness, traveling deeper and deeper into the forest, with no idea where exactly Voldemort was, but sure that he would find him. Beside him, making scarcely a sound, walked James, Sirius, Lupin, and Lily, and their presence was his courage, and the reason he was able to keep putting one foot in front of the other.His body and mind felt oddly disconnected now, his limbs working without conscious instruction, as if he were passenger, not driver, in the body he was about to leave. The dead who walked beside him through the forest were much more real to him now than the living back at the castle: Ron, Hermione, Ginny, and all the others were the ones who felt like ghosts as he stumbled and slipped toward the end of his life, toward Voldemort...A thud and a whisper: Some other living creature had stirred close by. Harry stopped under the Cloak, peering around, listening, and his mother and father, Lupin and Sirius stopped too.Someone there, came a rough whisper close at hand. He's got an Invisibility Cloak. Could it be C?Two figures emerged from behind a nearby tree: Their wands flared, and Harry saw Yaxley and Dolohov peering into the darkness, directly at the place Harry, his mother and father and Sirius and Lupin stood. Apparently they could not see anything.Definitely heard something, said Yaxley. Animal, d'you reckon?That head case Hagrid kept a whole bunch of stuff in here, said Dolohov, glancing over his shoulder.Yaxley looked down at his watch.Time's nearly up. Porter's had his hour. He's not coming.Better go back, said Yaxley. Find out what the plan is now.He and Dolohov turned and walked deeper into the forest. Harry followed them, knowing that they would lead him exactly where he wanted to go. He glanced sideways, and his mother smiled at him, and his father nodded encouragement.They had traveled on mere minutes when Harry saw light ahead, and Yaxley and Dolohov stepped out into a clearing that Harry knew had been the place where the monstrous Aragog had once lived. The remnants of his vast web were there still, but the swarms of descendants he had spawned had been driven out by the Death Eaters, to fight for their cause.A fire burned in the middle of the clearing, and its flickering light fell over a crowd of completely silent, watchful Death Eaters. Some of them were still masked and hooded	 others showed their faces. Two giants sat on the outskirts of the group, casting massive shadows over the scene, their faces cruel, rough-hewn like rock. Harry saw Fenrir, skulking, chewing his long nails	 the great blond Rowle was dabbing at his bleeding lip. He saw Lucius Malfoy, who looked defeated and terrified, and Narcissa, whose eyes were sunken and full of apprehension.Every eye was fixed upon Voldemort, who stood with his head bowed, and his white hands folded over the Elder Wand in front of him. He might have been praying, or else counting silently in his mind, and Harry, standing still on the edge of the scene, though absurdly of a child counting in a game of hide-and-seek. Behind his head, still swirling and coiling, the great snake Nagini floated in her glittering, charmed cage, like a monstrous halo.When Dolohov and Yaxley rejoined the circle, Voldemort looked up.No sign of him, my Lord, said Dolohov.Voldemort's expression did not change. The red eyes seemed to burn in the firelight. Slowly he drew the Elder Wand between his long fingers.My Lord CBellatrix had spoken: She sat closest to Voldemort, disheveled, her face a little bloody but otherwise unharmed.Voldemort raised his hand to silence her, and she did not speak another word, but eyed him in worshipful fascination.I thought he would come, said Voldemort in his high, clear voice, his eyes on the leaping flames. I expected him to come.Nobody spoke. They seemed as scared as Harry, whose heart was now throwing itself against his ribs as though determined to escape the body he was about to cast aside. His hands were sweating as he pulled off the Invisibility Cloak and stuffed it beneath his robes, with his wand. He did not want to be tempted to fight.I was, it seems... mistaken, said Voldemort.You weren't.Harry said it as loudly as he could, with all the force he could muster: He did not want to sound afraid. The Resurrection Stone slipped from between his numb fingers, and out of the corner of his eyes he saw his parents, Sirius, and Lupin vanish as he stepped forward into the firelight. At that moment he felt that nobody mattered but Voldemort. It was just the two of them.The illusion was gone as soon as it had come. The giants roared as the Death Eaters rose together, and there were many cries, gasps, even laughter. Voldemort had frozen where he stood, but his red eyes had found Harry, and he stared as Harry moved toward him, with nothing but the fire between them.Then a voice yelled: HARRY! NO!He turned: Hagrid was bound and trussed, tied to a tree nearby. His massive body shook the branches overhead as he struggled, desperate.NO! NO! HARRY, WHAT'RE YEH C?QUIET! shouted Rowle, and with a flick of his wand, Hagrid was silenced.Bellatrix, who had leapt to her feet, was looking eagerly from Voldemort to Harry, her breast heaving. The only things that moved were the flames and the snake, coiling and uncoiling in the glittering cage behind Voldemort's head.Harry could feel his wand against his chest, but he made no attempt to draw it. He knew that the snake was too well protected, knew that if he managed to point the wand at Nagini, fifty curses would hit him first. And still, Voldemort and Harry looked at each other, and now Voldemort tilted his head a little to the side, considering the boy standing before him, and a singularly mirthless smile curled the lipless mouth.Harry Potter, he said very softly. His voice might have been part of the spitting fire. The Boy Who Lived.None of the Death Eaters moved. They were waiting: Everything was waiting. Hagrid was struggling, and Bellatrix was panting, and Harry thought inexplicably of Ginny, and her blazing look, and the feel of her lips on his C Voldemort had raised his wand. His head was still tilted to one side, like a curious child, wondering what would happen if he proceeded. Harry looked back into the red eyes, and wanted it to happen now, quickly, while he could still stand, before he lost control, before he betrayed fear CHe saw the mouth move and a flash of green light, and everything was gone.,197,Deathly Hallows,34			
Deathly Hallows=He lay facedown, listening to the silence. He was perfectly alone. Nobody was watching. Nobody else was there. He was not perfectly sure that he was there himself.A long time later, or maybe no time at all, it came to him that he must exist, must be more than disembodied thought, because he was lying, definitely lying, on some surface. Therefore he had a sense of touch, and the thing against which he lay existed too.Almost as soon as he had reached this conclusion, Harry became conscious that he was naked. Convinced as he was of his total solitude, this did not concern him, but it did intrigue him slightly. He wondered whether, as he could feel, he would be able to see. In opening them, he discovered that he had eyes.He lay in a bright mist, though it was not like mist he had ever experienced before. His surroundings were not hidden by cloudy vapor	 rather the cloudy vapor had not yet formed into surroundings. The floor on which he lay seemed to be white, neither warm nor cold, but simply there, a flat, blank something on which to be.He sat up. His body appeared unscathed. He touched his face. He was not wearing glasses anymore.Then a noise reached him through the unformed nothingness that surrounded him: the small soft thumpings of something that flapped, flailed, and struggled. It was a pitiful noise, yet also slightly indecent. He had the uncomfortable feeling that he was eavesdropping on something furtive, shameful.For the first time, he wished he were clothed.Barely had the wish formed in his head than robes appeared a short distance away. He took them and pulled them on. They were soft, clean, and warm. It was extraordinary how they had appeared just like that, the moment he had wanted them....He stood up, looking around. Was he in some great Room of Requirement? The longer he looked, the more there was to see. A great domed glass roof glittered high above him in sunlight. Perhaps it was a palace. All was hushed and still, except for those odd thumping and whimpering noises coming from somewhere close by in the mist....Harry turned slowly on the spot, and his surroundings seemed to invent themselves before his eyes. A wide-open space, bright and clean, a hall larger by far than the Great Hall, with that clear domed glass ceiling. It was quite empty. He was the only person there, except for C He recoiled. He had spotted the thing that was making the noises. It had the form of a small, naked child, curled on the ground, its skin raw and rough, flayed-looking, and it lay shuddering under a seat where it had been left, unwanted, stuffed out of sight, struggling for breath.He was afraid of it. Small and fragile and wounded though it was, he did not want to approach it. Nevertheless he drew slowly nearer, ready to jump back at any moment. Soon he stood near enough to touch it, yet he could not bring himself to do it. He felt like a coward. He ought to comfort it, but it repulsed him.You cannot help.He spun around. Albus Dumbledore was walking toward him, sprightly and upright, wearing sweeping robes of midnight blue.Harry. He spread his arms wide, and his hands were both whole and white and undamaged. You wonderful boy. You brave, brave man. Let us walk.Stunned, Harry followed as Dumbledore strode away from where the flayed child lay whimpering, leading him to two seats that Harry had not previously noticed, set some distance away under that high, sparkling ceiling. Dumbledore sat down in one of them, and Harry fell into the other, staring at his old headmaster's face. Dumbledore's long silver hair and beard, the piercingly blue eyes behind half-moon spectacles, the crooked nose: Everything was as he had remembered it. And yet...But you're dead, said Harry.Oh yes, said Dumbledore matter-of-factly.Then... I'm dead too?Ah, said Dumbledore, smiling still more broadly. That is the question, isn't it? On the whole, dear boy, I think not.They looked at each other, the old man still beaming.Not? repeated Harry.Not, said Dumbledore.But... Harry raised his hand instinctively toward the lightning scar. It did not seem to be there. But I should have died C I didn't defend myself! I meant to let him kill me!And that, said Dumbledore, will, I think, have made all the difference.Happiness seemed to radiate from Dumbledore like light	 like fire: Harry had never seen the man so utterly, so palpably content.Explain, said Harry.But you already know, said Dumbledore. He twiddled his thumbs together.I let him kill me, said Harry. Didn't I?You did, said Dumbledore, nodding. Go on!So the part of his soul that was in me...Dumbledore nodded still more enthusiastically, urging Harry onward, a broad smile of encouragement on his face.... has it gone?Oh yes! said Dumbledore. Yes, he destroyed it. Your soul is whole, and completely your own, Harry.But then...Harry trembled over his shoulder to where the small, maimed creature trembled under the chair.What is that, Professor?Something that is beyond either of our help, said Dumbledore.But if Voldemort used the Killing Curse, Harry started again, and nobody died for me this time C how can I be alive?I think you know, said Dumbledore. Think back. Remember what he did, in his ignorance, in his greed and his cruelty.Harry thought. He let his gaze drift over his surroundings. If it was indeed a palace in which they sat, it was an odd one, with chairs set in little rows and bits of railing here and there, and still, he and Dumbledore and the stunted creatures under the chair were the only beings there. Then the answer rose to his lips easily, without effort.He took my blood, said Harry.Precisely! said Dumbledore. He took your blood and rebuilt his living body with it! Your blood in his veins, Harry, Lily's protection inside both of you! He tethered you to life while he lives!I live... while he lives? But I thought... I thought it was the other way around! I thought we both had to die? Or is it the same thing?He was distracted by the whimpering and thumping of the agonized creature behind them and glanced back at it yet again.Are you sure we can't do anything?There is no help possible.Then explain... more, said Harry, and Dumbledore smiled.You were the seventh Horcrux, Harry, the Horcrux he never meant to make. He had rendered his soul so unstable that it broke apart when he committed those acts of unspeakable evil, the murder of your parents, the attempted killing of a child. But what escaped from that room was even less than he knew. He left more than his body behind. He left part of himself latched to you, the would-be victim who had survived.And his knowledge remained woefully incomplete, Harry! That which Voldemort does not value, he takes no trouble to comprehend. Of house-elves and children's tales, of love, loyalty, and innocence, Voldemort knows and understands nothing. Nothing. That they all have a power beyond his own, a power beyond the reach of any magic, is a truth he has never grasped.He took your blood believing it would strengthen him. He took into his body a tiny part of the enchantment your mother laid upon you when she died for you. His body keeps her sacrifice alive, and while that enchantment survives, so do you and so does Voldemort's one last hope for himself.Dumbledore smiled at Harry, and Harry stared at him.And you knew this? You knew C all along?I guessed. But my guesses have usually been good, said Dumbledore happily, and they sat in silence for what seemed like a long time, while the creature behind them continued to whimper and tremble.There's more, said Harry. There's more to it. Why did my wand break the wand he borrowed?As to that, I cannot be sure.Have a guess, then, said Harry, and Dumbledore laughed.What you must understand, Harry, is that you and Lord Voldemort have journeyed together into realms of magic hitherto unknown and untested. But here is what I think happened, and it is unprecedented, and no wandmaker could, I think, ever have predicted or explained it to Voldemort.Without meaning to, as you now know, Lord Voldemort doubled the bond between you when he returned to a human form. A part of his soul was still attached to yours, and, thinking to strengthen himself, he took a part of your mother's sacrifice into himself. If he could only have understood the precise and terrible power of that sacrifice, he would not, perhaps, have dared to touch your blood.... But then, if he had been able to understand, he could not be Lord Voldemort, and might never have murdered at all.Having ensured this two-fold connection, having wrapped your destinies together more securely than ever two wizards were joined in history, Voldemort proceeded to attack you with a wand that shared a core with yours. And now something very strange happened, as we know. The cores reacted in a way that Lord Voldemort, who never knew that your wand was a twin of his, had ever expected.He was more afraid than you were that night, Harry. You had accepted, even embraced, the possibility of death, something Lord Voldemort has never been able to do. Your courage won, your wand overpowered his. And in doing so, something happened between those wands, something that echoed the relationship between their masters.I believe that your wand imbibed some of the power and qualities of Voldemort's wand that night, which is to say that it contained a little of Voldemort himself. So your wand recognized him when he pursued you, recognized a man who was both kin and mortal enemy, and it regurgitated some of his own magic against him, magic much more powerful than anything Lucius's wand had ever performed. Your wand now contained the power of your enormous courage and of Voldemort's own deadly skill: What chance did that poor stick of Lucius Malfoy's stand?But if my wand was so powerful, how come Hermione was able to break it? asked Harry.My dear boy, its remarkable effects were directed only at Voldemort, who had tampered so ill-advisedly with the deepest laws of magic. Only toward him was that wand abnormally powerful. Otherwise it was a wand like any other... though a good one, I am sure, Dumbledore finished kindly.Harry sat in thought for a long time, or perhaps seconds. It was very hard to be sure of things like time, here.He killed me with your wand.He failed to kill you with my wand, Dumbledore corrected Harry. I think we can agree that you are not dead C though, of course, he added, as if fearing he had been discourteous, I do not minimize your sufferings, which I am sure were severe.I feel great at the moment, though, said Harry, looking down at his clean, unblemished hands. Where are we, exactly?Well, I was going to ask you that, said Dumbledore, looking around. Where would you say that we are?Until Dumbledore had asked, Harry had not known. Now, however, he found that he had an answer ready to give.It looks, he said slowly, like King's Cross station. Except a lo cleaner and empty, and there are no trains as far as I can see.King's Cross station! Dumbledore was chuckling immoderately. Good gracious, really?Well, where do you think we are? asked Harry, a little defensively.My dear boy, I have no idea. This is, as they say, your party.Harry had no idea what this meant	 Dumbledore was being infuriating. He glared at him, then remembered a much more pressing question than that of their current location.The Deathly Hallows, he said, and he was glad to see that the words wiped the smile from Dumbledore's face.Ah, yes, he said. He even looked a little worried.Well?For the first time since Harry had met Dumbledore, he looked less than an old man, much less. He looked fleetingly like a small boy caught in wrongdoing.Can you forgive me? he said. Can you forgive me for not trusting you? For not telling you? Harry, I only feared that you would fail as I had failed. I only dreaded that you would make my mistakes. I crave your pardon, Harry. I have known, for some time now, that you are the better man.What are you talking about? asked Harry, startled by Dumbledore's tone, by the sudden tears in his eyes.The Hallows, the Hallows, murmured Dumbledore. A desperate man's dream!But they're real!Real, and dangerous, and a lure for fools, said Dumbledore. And I was such a fool. But you know, don't you? I have no secrets from you anymore. You know.What do I know?Dumbledore turned his whole body to face Harry, and tears still sparkled in the brilliantly blue eyes.Master of death, Harry, master of Death! Was I better, ultimately, than Voldemort?Of course you were, said Harry. Of course C how can you ask that? You never killed if you could avoid it!True, true, said Dumbledore, and he was like a child seeking reassurance. Yet I too sought a way to conquer death, Harry.Not the way he did, said Harry. After all his anger at Dumbledore, how odd it was to sit here, beneath the high, vaulted ceiling, and defend Dumbledore from himself. Hallows, not Horcruxes.Hallows, murmured Dumbledore, not Horcruxes. Precisely.There was a pause. The creature behind them whimpered, but Harry no longer looked around.Grindelwald was looking for them too? he asked.Dumbledore closed his eyes for a moment and nodded.It was the thing, above all, that drew us together, he said quietly. Two clever, arrogant boys with a shared obsession. He wanted to come to Godric's Hollow, as I am sure you have guessed, because of the grave of Ignotus Peverell. He wanted to explore the place the third brother had died.So it's true? asked Harry. All of it? The Peverell brothers C  C were the three brothers of the tale, said Dumbledore, nodding. Oh yes, I think so. Whether they met Death on a lonely road... I think it more likely that the Peverell brothers were simply gifted, dangerous wizards who succeeded in creating those powerful objects. The story of them being Death's own Hallows seems to me the sort of legend that might have sprung up around such creations.The Cloak, as you know now, traveled down through the ages, father to son, mother to daughter, right down to Ignotus's last living descendant, who was born, as Ignotus was, in the village of Godric's Hollow.Dumbledore smiled at Harry.Me?You. You have guessed. I know, why the Cloak was in my possession on the night your parents died. James had showed it to me just a few days previously. It explained much of his undetected wrongdoing at school! I could hardly believe what I was seeing. I asked to borrow it, to examine it. I had long since given up my dream of uniting the Hallows, but I could not resist, could not help taking a closer look.... It was a Cloak the likes of which I had never seen, immensely old, perfect in every respect... and then your father died, and I had two Hallows at last, all to myself!His tone was unbearably bitter.The Cloak wouldn't have helped them survive, though, Harry said quickly. Voldemort knew where my mum and dad were. The Cloak couldn't have made them curse-proof.True, sighed Dumbledore. True.Harry waited, but Dumbledore did not speak, so he prompted him.So you'd given up looking for the Hallows when you saw the Cloak?Oh yes, said Dumbledore faintly. It seemed that he forced himself to meet Harry's eyes. You know what happened. You know. You cannot despise me more than I despise myself.But I don't despise you C Then you should, said Dumbledore. He drew a deep breath. You know the secret of my sister's ill health, what those Muggles did, what she became. You know how my poor father sought revenge, and paid the price, died In Azkaban. You know how my mother gave up her own life to care for Ariana.I resented it, Harry.Dumbledore stated it baldly, coldly. He was looking now over the top of Harry's head, into the distance.I was gifted, I was brilliant. I wanted to escape. I wanted to shine. I wanted glory.Do not misunderstand me, he said, and pain crossed the face so that he looked ancient again. I loved them, I loved my parents, I loved my brother and my sister, but I was selfish, Harry, more selfish than you, who are a remarkably selfless person, could possibly imagine.So that, when my mother died, and I was left the responsibility of a damaged sister and a wayward brother, I returned to my village in anger and bitterness. Trapped and wasted, I thought! And then of course, he came....Dumbledore looked directly into Harry's eyes again.Grindelwald. You cannot imagine how his ideas caught me, Harry, inflamed me. Muggles forced into subservience. We wizards triumphant. Grindelwald and I, the glorious young leaders of the revolution.Oh, I had a few scruples. I assuaged my conscience with empty words. It would all be for the greater good, and any harm done would be repaid a hundredfold in benefits for wizards. Did I know, in my heart of hearts, what Gellert Grindelwald was? I think I did, but I closed my eyes. If the plans we were making came to fruition, all my dreams would come true.And at the heart of our schemes, the Deathly Hallows! How they fascinated him, how they fascinated both of us! The unbeatable wand, the weapon that would lead us to power! The Resurrection Stone C to him, though I pretended not to know it, it meant an army of Inferi! To me, I confess, it meant the return of my parents, and the lifting of all responsibility from my shoulders.And the Cloak... somehow, we never discussed the Cloak much, Harry. Both of us could conceal ourselves well enough without the Cloak, the true magic of which, of course, is that it can be used to protect and shield others as well as its owner. I thought that, if we ever found it, it might be useful in hiding Ariana, but our interest in the Cloak was mainly that it completed the trio, for the legend said that the man who had united all three objects would then be truly master of death, which we took to mean 'invincible.'Invincible masters of death, Grindelwald and Dumbledore! Two months of insanity, of cruel dreams, and neglect of the only two members of my family left to me.And then... you know what happened. Reality returned in the form of my rough, unlettered, and infinitely more admirable brother. I did not want to hear the truths he shouted at me. I did not want to hear that I could not set forth and seek Hallows with a fragile and unstable sister in tow.The argument became a fight. Grindelwald lost control. That which I had always sensed in him, though I pretended not to, now sprang into terrible being. And Ariana... after all my mother's care and caution... lay dead upon the floor.Dumbledore gave a little gasp and began to cry in earnest. Harry reached out and was glad to find that he could touch him: He gripped his arm tightly and Dumbledore gradually regained control.Well, Grindelwald fled, as anyone but I could have predicted. He vanished, with his plans for seizing power, and his schemes for Muggle torture, and his dreams of the Deathly Hallows, dreams in which I had encouraged him and helped him. He ran, while I was left to bury my sister, and learn to live with my guilt and my terrible grief, the price of my shame.Years passed. There were rumors about him. They said he had procured a wand of immense power. I, meanwhile, was offered the post of Minister of Magic, not once, but several times. Naturally, I refused. I had learned that I was not to be trusted with power.But you'd have been better, much better, than Fudge or Scimgeour! burst out Harry.Would I? asked Dumbledore heavily. I am not so sure. I had proven, as a very young man, that power was my weakness and my temptation. It is a curious thing, Harry, but perhaps those who are best suited to power are those who have never sought it. Those who, like you, have leadership thrust upon them, and take up the mantle because they must, and find to their own surprise that they wear it well.I was safer at Hogwarts. I think I was a good teacher C You were the best CC you are very kind, Harry. But while I busied myself with the training of young wizards, Grindelwald was raising an army. They say he feared me, and perhaps he did, but less, I think, than I feared him.Oh, not death, said Dumbledore, in answer to Harry's questioning look. Not what he could do to me magically. I knew that we were evenly matched, perhaps that I was a shade more skillful. It was the truth I feared. You see, I never knew which of us, in that last, horrific fight, had actually cast the curse that killed my sister. You may call me cowardly: You would be right, Harry. I dreaded beyond all things the knowledge that it had been I who brought about her death, not merely through my arrogance and stupidity, but that I actually struck the blow that snuffed out her life.I think he knew it, I think he knew what frightened me. I delayed meeting him until finally, it would have been too shameful to resist any longer. People were dying and he seemed unstoppable, and I had to do what I could.Well, you know what happened next. I won the duel. I won the wand.Another silence. Harry did not ask whether Dumbledore had ever found out who struck Ariana dead. He did not want to know, and even less did he want Dumbledore to have to tell him. At last he knew what Dumbledore would have seen when he looked in the mirror of Erised, and why Dumbledore had been so understanding of the fascination it had exercised over Harry.They sat in silence for a long time, and the whipmerings of the creature behind them barely disturbed Harry anymore.At last he said, Grindelwald tried to stop Voldemort going after the wand. He lied, you know, pretended he had never had it.Dumbledore nodded, looking down at his lap, tears still glittering on the crooked nose.They say he showed remorse in later years, alone in his cell at Nurmengard. I hope that is true. I would like to think that he did feel the horror and shame of what he had done. Perhaps that lie to Voldemort was his attempt to make amends... to prevent Voldemort from taking the Hallow......or maybe from breaking into your tomb? suggested Harry, and Dumbledore dabbed his eyes.After another short pause Harry said, You tried to use the Resurrection Stone.Dumbledore nodded.When I discovered it, after all those years, buried in the abandoned home of the Gaunts C the Hallow I had craved most of all, though in my youth I had wanted it for very different reasons C I lost my head, Harry. I quite forgot that I was not a Horcrux, that the ring was sure to carry a curse. I picked it up, and I put it on, and for a second I imagined that I was about to see Ariana, and my mother, and my father, and to tell them how very, very sorry, I was....I was such a fool, Harry. After all those years I had learned nothing. I was unworthy to unite the Deathly Hallows, I had proved it time and again, and here was final proof.Why? said Harry. It was natural! You wanted to see them again. What's wrong with that?Maybe a man in a million could unite the Hallows, Harry. I was fit only to possess the meanest of them, the least extraordinary. I was fit to own the Elder Wand, and not boast of it, and not to kill with it. I was permitted to tame and use it, because I took it, not for gain, but to save others from it.But the Cloak, I took out of vain curiousity, and so it could never have worked for me as it works for you, its true owners. The stone I would have used in an attempt to drag back those who are at peace, rather than enable my self-sacrifice, as you did. You are the worthy possessor of the Hallows.Dumbledore patted Harry's hand, and Harry looked up at the old man and smiled	 he could not help himself. How could he remain angry with Dumbledore now?Why did you have to make it so difficult?Dumbledore's smile was tremulous.I am afraid I counted on Miss Granger to slow you up, Harry. I was afraid that your hot head might dominate your good heart. I was scared that, if presented outright with the facts about those tempting objects, you might seize the Hallows as I did, at the wrong time, for the wrong reasons. If you laid hands on them, I wanted you to possess them safely. You are the true master of death, because the true master does not seek to run away from Death. He accepts that he must die, and understands that there are far, far worse things in the living world than dying.And Voldemort never knew about the Hallows?I do not think so, because he did not recognize the Resurrection Stone he turned into a Horcrux. But even if he had known about them, Harry. I doubt that he would have been interested in any except the first. He would not think that he needed the Cloak, and as for the stone, whom would he want to bring back from the dead? He fears the dead. He does not love.But you expected him to go after the wand?I have been sure that he would try, ever since your wand beat Voldemort's in the graveyard of Little Hangleton. At first, he was afraid that you had conquered him by superior skill. Once he had kidnapped Ollivander, however, he discovered the existence of the twin cores. He thought that explained everything. Yet the borrowed wand did no better against yours! So Voldemort, instead of asking himself what quality it was in you that had made your wand so strong, what gift you possessed that he did not, naturally set out to find the one wand that, they said, would beat any other. For him, the Elder Wand has become an obsession to rival his obsession with you. He believes that the Elder Wand removes his last weakness and makes him truly invincible. Poor Severus...If you planned your death with Snape, you meant him to end up with the Elder Wand, didn't you?I admit that was my intention, said Dumbledore, but it did not work as I intended, did it?No, said Harry. That bit didn't work out.The creature behind them jerked and moaned, and Harry and Dumbledore sate without talking for the longest time yet. The realization of what would happen next settled gradually over Harry in the long minutes, like softly falling snow.I've got to go back, haven't I?That is up to you.I've got a choice?Oh yes, Dumbledore smiled at him. We are in King's Cross you say? I think that if you decided not to go back, you would be able to... let's say... board a train.And where would it take me?On, said Dumbledore simply.Silence again.Voldemort's got the Elder Wand.True. Voldemort has the Elder Wand.But you want me to go back?I think, said Dumbledore, that if you choose to return, there is a chance that he may be finished for good. I cannot promise it. But I know this, Harry, that you have less to fear from returning here than he does.Harry glanced again at the raw looking thing that trembled and choked in the shadow beneath the distant chair.Do not pity the dead, Harry. Pity the living, and above all, those who live without love. By returning, you may ensure that fewer souls are maimed, fewer families are torn apart. If that seems to you a worthy goal, they we saw good-bye for the present.Harry nodded and sighed. Leaving this place would not be nearly as hard as walking into the forest had been, but it was warm and light and peaceful here, and he knew that he was heading back to pain and the fear of more loss. He stood up, and Dumbledore did the same, and they looked for a long moment into each other's faces.Tell me one last thing, said Harry, Is this real? Or has this been happening inside my head?Dumbledore beamed at him, and his voice sounded loud and strong in Harry's ears even though the bright mist was descending again, obscuring his figure.Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry, but why on earth should that mean it is not real?,198,Deathly Hallows,35									
Deathly Hallows=He was flying facedown on the ground again. The smell of the forest filled his nostrils. He could feel the cold hard ground beneath his cheek, and the hinge of his glasses which have been knocked sideways by the fall cutting into his temple. Every inch of him ached, and the place where Killing Curse had hit him felt like the bruise of an iron-clad punch. He did not stir, but he remained exactly where he had fallen, with his left arm bent out at an awkward angle and his mouth gaping.He had expected to hear cheer of triumph and jubilation at his death, but instead hurried footsteps, whispers, and solicitous murmurs filled the air.My Lord... my Lord...It was Bellatrix's voice, and she spoke as if to a lover. Harry did not dare open his eyes, but allowed his other senses to explore his predicament. He knew that his wand was still stowed beneath his robes because he could feel it pressed between his chest and the ground. A slight cushioning effect in the area of his stomach told him that the Invisibility Cloak was also there, stuffed out of sight.My Lord...That will do, said Voldemort's voice.More footsteps. Several people were backing away from the same spot. Desperate to see what was happening and why, Harry opened his eyes by a millimeter.Voldemort seemed to be getting to his feet. Various Death Eaters were hurrying away from him, returning to the crowd lining the clearing. Bellatrix alone remained behind, kneeling beside Voldemort.Harry closed his eyes again and considered what he had seen. The Death Eaters have been buddled around Voldemort, who seem to have fallen to the ground. Something had happened when he had hit Harry with the Killing Curse. Had Voldemort too collapsed? It seemed like it. And both of them had briefly fallen unconscious and both of them had now returned...My Lord, let me CI do not require assistance, said Voldemort coldly, and though he could not see it, Harry pictured Bellatrix withdrawing a helpful hand. The boy... Is he dead?There was a complete silence in the clearing. Nobody approached Harry, but he felt their concentrated gaze	 it seemed to press him harder into the ground, and he was terrified a finger or an eyelid might twitch.You, said Voldemort, and there was a bang and a small shriek of pain. Examine him. Tell me whether he is dead.Harry did not know who had been sent to verify. He could only lie there, with his heart thumping traitorously, and wait to be examined, but at the same time nothing, small comfort through it was, that Voldemort was wary of approaching him, that Voldemort suspected that all had not gone to plan....Hands, softer than he had been expecting, touched Harry's face, and felt his heart. He could hear the woman's fast breathing, her pounding of life against his ribs.Is Draco alive? Is he in the castle?The whisper was barely audible, her lips were an inch from his ear, her head bent so low that her long hair shielded his face from the onlookers.Yes, he breathed back.He felt the hand on his chest contract: her nails pierced him. Then it was withdrawn. She had sat up.He is dead! Narcissa Malfoy called to the watchers.And now they shouted, now they yelled in triumph and stamped their feet, and through his eyelids, Harry saw bursts of red and silver light shoot into the air in celebration.Still feigning death on the ground, he understood. Narcissa knew that the only way she would be permitted to enter Hogwarts, and find her son, was as part of the conquering army. She no longer cared whether Voldemort won.You see? screeched Voldemort over the tumult. Harry Potter is dead by my hand, and no man alive can threaten me now! Watch! Crucio!Harry had been expecting it, knew his body would not be allowed to remain unsullied upon the forest floor	 it must be subjected to humiliation to prove Voldemort's victory. He was lifted into the air, and it took all his determination to remain limp, yet the pain he expected did not come. He was thrown once, twice, three times into the air. His glasses flew off and he felt his wand slide a little beneath his robes, but he kept himself floppy and lifeless, and when he fell to ground for the last time, the clearing echoed with jeers and shrieks of laughter.Now, said Voldemort, we go to the castle, and show them what has become of their hero. Who shall drag the body? No C Wait C There was a fresh outbreak of laughter, and after a few moments Harry felt the ground trembling beneath him.You carry him, Voldemort said. He will be nice and visible in your arms, will he not? Pick up your little friend, Hagrid. And the glasses C put on the glasses C he must be recognizable C Someone slammed Harry's glasses back onto his face with deliberate force, but the enormous hands that lifted him into the air were exceedingly gentle. Harry could feel Hagrid's arms trembling with the force of his heaving sobs	 great tears splashed down upon him as Hagrid cradled Harry in his arms, and Harry did not dare, by movement or word, to intimate to Hagrid that all was not, yet, lost.Move, said Voldemort, and Hagrid stumbled forward, forcing his way through the close-growing trees, back through the forest.Branches caught at Harry's hair and robes, but he lay quiescent, his mouth lolling open, his eyes shut, and in the darkness, while the Death Eaters coed all around them, and while Hagrid sobbed blindly, nobody looked to see whether a pulse beat in the exposed neck of Harry Potter....The two giants crashed along behind the Death Eaters	 Harry could hear trees creaking and falling as they passed	 they made so much din that birds toes shrieking into the sky, and even the jeers of the Death Eaters were drowned. The victorious procession marched on toward the open ground, and after a while Harry could tell, by the lightening of the darkness through his closed eyelids, that the trees were beginning to thin.BANE!Hagrid's unexpected bellow nearly forced Harry's eyes open. Happy now, are yeh, that yeh didn't fight, yeh cowardly bunch o' nags? Are yeh happy Harry Potter's C d-dead...?Hagrid could not continue, but broke down in fresh tears. Harry wondered how many centaurs were watching their procession pass	 he dared not open his eyes to look. Some of the Death Eaters called insults at the centaurs as they left them behind. A little later, Harry sensed, by a freshening of the air, that they had reached the edge of the forest.Stop.Harry thought that Hagrid must have been forced to obey Voldemort's command, because he lurched a little. And now a chill settled over them where they stood, and Harry heard the rasping breath of the dementors that patrolled the other trees. They would not affect him now.The fact of his own survival burned inside him, a talisman against them, as though his father's stag kept guardian in his heart.Someone passed close by Harry, and he knew that it was Voldemort himself because he spoke a moment later, his voice magically magnified so that it swelled through the ground, crashing upon Harry's eardrums.Harry Potter is dead. He was killed as he ran away, trying to save himself while you lay down your lives for him. We bring you his body as proof that your hero is gone.The battle is won. You have lost half of your fighters. My Death Eaters outnumber you, and the Boy Who Lived is finished. There must be no more war. Anyone who continues to resist, man, woman or child, will be slaughtered, as will every member of their family. Come out of the castle now, kneel before me, and you shall be spared. Your parents and children, your brothers and sisters will live and be forgiven, and you will join me in the new world we shall build together.There was silence in the grounds and from the castle. Voldemort was so close to him that Harry did not dare open his eyes again.Come, said Voldemort, and Harry heard him move ahead, and Hagrid was forced to follow. Now Harry opened his eyes a fraction, and saw Voldemort striding in front them, wearing the great snake Nagini around his shoulders, now free of her enchanted cage. But Harry had no possibility of extracting the wand concealed under his robes without being noticed by the Death Eaters, who marched on the either side of them through the slowly lightening darkness....Harry, sobbed Hagrid. Oh, Harry... Harry...Harry shut his eyes tight again. He knew that they were approaching the castle and strained his ears to distinguish, above the gleeful voices of the Death Eaters and their tramping footsteps, signs of life from those within.Stop.The Death Eaters came to a halt	 Harry heard them spreading out in a line facing the open front doors of the school. He could see, even though his closed lids, the reddish glow that meant light streamed upon him from the entrance hall. He waited. Any moment, the people for whom he had tried to die would see him, lying apparently dead, in Hagrid's arms.NO!The scream was the more terrible because he had never expected or dreamed that Professor McGonagall could make such a sound. He heard another women laughing nearby, and knew that Bellatrix gloried in McGonagall's despair. He squinted again for a single second and saw the open doorway filling with people, as the survivors of the battle came out onto the front steps to face their vanquishers and see the truth of Harry's death for themselves. He saw Voldemort standing a little in front of him, stroking Nagini's head with a single white finger. He closed his eyes again.No!No!Harry! HARRY!Ron's, Hermione's, and Ginny's voices were worse than McGonagall's	 Harry wanted nothing more than to call back, yet he made himself lie silent, and their cries acted like a trigger	 the crowd of survivors took up the cause, screaming and yelling abuse at the Death Eathers, until - SILENCE! cried Voldemort, and there was a bang and a flash of bright light, and silence was forced upon them all. It is over! Set him down, Hagrid, at my feet, where he belongs!Harry felt himself lowered onto the grass.You see? said Voldemort, and Harry felt him striding backward and forward right beside the place where he lay. Harry Potter is dead! Do you understand now, deluded ones? He was nothing, ever, but a boy who relied on others to sacrifice themselves for him!He beat you! yelled Ron, and the charm broke, and the defenders of Hogwarts were shouting and screaming again until a second, more powerful bang extinguished their voices once more.He was killed while trying to sneak out of the castle grounds, said Voldemort, and there was a relish in his voice for the lie. killed while trying to save himself C But Voldemort broke off: Harry heard a scuffle and a shout, then another bang, a flash of light, and grunt of pain	 he opened his eyes an infinitesimal amount. Someone had broken free of the crowd and charged at Voldemort: Harry saw the figure hit the ground. Disarmed, Voldemort throwing the challenger's wand aside and laughing.And who is this? he said in his soft snake's hiss. Who has volunteered to demonstrate what happens to those who continue to fight when the battle is lost?Bellatrix gave a delighted laugh.It is Neville Longbottom, my Lord! The boy who has been giving the Carrows so much trouble! The son of the Aurors, remember?Ah, yes, I remember, said Voldemort, looking down at Neville, who was struggling back to his feet, unarmed and unprotected, standing in the no-man's-land between the survivors and the Death Eaters. But you are a pureblood, aren't you, my brave boy? Voldemort asked Neville, who stood facing him, his empty hands curled in fists.So what if I am? said Neville loudly.You show spirit and bravery, and you come of noble stock. You will make a very valuable Death Eater. We need your kind, Neville Longbottom.I'll join you when hell freezes over, said Neville. Dumbledore's Army! he shouted, and there was an answering cheer from the crowd, whom Voldemort's Silencing Charms seemed unable to hold.Very well, said Voldemort, and Harry heard more danger in the silkiness of his voice than in the most powerful curse. If that is your choice, Longbottom, we revert to the original plan. On your head, he said quietly, be it.Still watching through his lashes, Harry saw Voldemort wave his wand. Seconds later, out of one of the castle's shattered windows, something that looked like a misshapen bird flew through the half light and landed in Voldemort's hand. He shook the mildewed object by its pointed end and it dangled, empty and ragged: the Sorting Hat.There will be no more Sorting at Hogwarts School, said Voldemort. There will be no more Houses. The emblem, shield and colors of my noble ancestor, Salazar Slythering, will suffice everyone. Won't they, Neville Longbottom?He pointed his wand at Neville, who grew rigid and still, then forced the hat onto Neville's head, so that it slipped down below his eyes. There were movements from the watching crowd in front of the castle, and as one, the Death Eaters raised their wands, holding the fighters of Hogwarts at bay.Neville here is now going to demonstrate what happens to anyone foolish enough to continue to oppose me, said Voldemort, and with a flick of his wand, he caused the Sorting Hat to burst into flames.Screams split the dawn, and Neville was a flame, rooted to the spot, unable to move, and Harry could not bear it: He must act - And then many things happened at the same moment.They heard uproar from the distant boundary of the school as what sounded like hundreds of people came swarming over the out-of-sight walls and pelted toward the castle, uttering loud war cries. At the same time, Grawp came lumbering around the side of the castle and yelled, HAGGER! His cry was answered by roars from Voldemort's giants: They ran at Grawp like bull elephants making the earth quake. Then came hooves and the twangs of bows, and arrows were suddenly falling amongst the Death Eaters, who broke ranks, shouting their surprise. Harry pulled the Invisibility Cloak from inside his robes, swung it over himself, and sprang to his feet, as Neville moved too.In one swift, fluid motion, Neville broke free of the Body-Bind Curse upon him	 the flaming hat fell off him and he drew from its depths something silver, with a glittering, rubied handle - The slash of the silver blade could not be heard over the roar of the oncoming crowd or the sounds of the clashing giants or of the stampeding centaurs, and yet, it seemed to draw every eye. With a single stroke Neville sliced off the great snake's head, which spun high into the air, gleaming in the light flooding from the entrance hall, and Voldemort's mouth was open in a scream of fury that nobody could hear, and the snake's body thudded to the ground at his feet. C Hidden beneath the Invisibility Cloak, Harry cast a Shield Charm between Neville and Voldemort before the latter could raise his stamps of the battling giants, Hagrid's yell came loudest of all.HARRY! Hagrid shouted. HARRY C WHERE'S HARRY? Chaos reigned. The charging centaurs were scattering the Death Eaters, everyone was feeling the giants' stamping feet, and nearer and nearer thundered the reinforcements that had come from who knew where	 Harry saw great winged creatures soaring the heads of Voldemort's giants, thestrals and Buckbeak the hippogriff scratching at their eyes while Grawp punched and pummeled them and now the wizards, defenders of Hogwarts and Death Eaters alike were being forced back into the castle. Harry was shooting jinxes and curses at any Death Eater he could see, and they crumpled, not knowing what or who had hit them, and their bodies were trampled by the retreating crowd. Still hidden beneath the Invisibility Cloak, Harry was buffered into the entrance hall: He was searching for Voldemort and saw him across the room, firing spells from his wand as he backed into the Great Hall, still screaming instructions to his followers as he sent curses flying left and right	 Harry cast more Shield Charms, and Voldemort's would-be victims. Seamus Finnigan and Hannah Abbott, darted past him into the Great Hall, where they joined the fight already flourishing inside it.And now there were more, even more people storming up the front steps, and Harry saw Charlie Weasley overtaking Horace Slughorn, who was still wearing his emerald pajamas. They seemed to have returned at the head of what looked like the families and friends of every Hogwarts student who had remained to fight along with the shopkeeps and homeowners of Hogsmeade. The centaurs Bane, Ronan and Magorian burst into the hall with a great clatter of hooves, as behind Harry the door that led to the kitchens was blasted off its hinges.The house-elves of Hogwarts swarmed into the entrance hall, screaming and waving carving knives and cleaver, and at their head, the locker of Regulus Black bouncing on his chest, was Kreacher, his bullfrog's voice audible even above this din: Fight! Fight! Fight for my Master, defender of house-elves! Fight the Dark Lord, in the name of brave Regulus! Fight!They were hacking and stabbing at the ankles and shim of Death Eaters their tiny faces alive with malice, and everywhere Harry looked Death Eaters were folding under sheer weight of numbers, overcome by spells, dragging arrows from wounds, stabbed in the leg by elves, or else simply attempting to escape, but swallowed by the oncoming horde.But it was not over yet: Harry sped between duelers, past a struggling prisoners, and into he Great Hall.Voldemort was in the center of the battle, and he was striking and smiting al within reach. Harry could not get a clear shot, but fought his way nearer, still invisible, and the Great Hall became more and more crowded as everyone who could walk forced their way inside.Harry saw Yaxley slammed to the floor by George and Lee Jordan, saw Dolohov fall with a scream at Flitwick's hands, saw Walden Macnair thrown across the room by Hagrid, hit the stone wall opposite, and slide unconscious to the ground. He saw Ron and Neville bringing down Fenrir Greyback. Aberforth Stunning Rookwood, Arthur and Percy flooting Thicknesse, and Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy running through the crowd, not even attempting to fight, screaming for their son.Voldemort was now dueling McGonagall, Slughorn, Kingsley all at once, and there was a cold hatred in his face as they wove and ducked around him, unable to finish him - Bellatrix was still fighting too, fifty yards away from Voldemort, and like her master she dueled three at once: Hermione, Ginny and Luna, all battling their hardest, but Bellatrix was equal to them, and Harry's attention was diverted as a Killing Curse shot so close to Ginny that she missed death by an inch -He changed course, running at Bellatrix rather than Voldemort, but before he had gone a few steps he was knocked sideways.NOT MY DAUGHTER, YOU BITCH!Mrs. Weasley threw off her cloak as she ran, freeing her arms, Bellatrix spun on the spot, roaring with laughter at the sight of the new challenger.OUT OF MY WAY! shouted Mrs. Weasley to the three girls, and with a simple swipe of her wand she began to duel. Harry watched with terror and elation as Molly Weasley's wand slashed and twisted, and Bellatrix Lestrange's smile faltered and became a snarl. Jets of light flew from both wands, the floor around the witches' feet became hot and cracked
Deathly Hallows=Autumn seemed to arrive suddenly that year. The morning of the first of September was crisp as an apple, and as the little family bobbed across the rumbling road toward the great sooty station, the fumes of car exhausts and the breath of pedestrians sparkled like cobwebs in the cold air. Two large cages tattled on top of the laden trolleys the parents were pushing	 the owls inside them hooted indignantly, and the redheaded girl trailed fearfully behind here brothers, clutching her father's arm.It won't be long, and you'll be going too, Harry told her.Two years, sniffed Lily. I want to go now!The commuters stared curiously at the owls as the family wove its way toward the barrier between platforms nine and ten, Albus's voice drifted back to Harry over the surrounding clamor	 his sons had resumed the argument they had started in the car.I won't! I won't be a Slytherin!James, give it a rest! said Ginny.I only said he might be, said James, grinning at his younger brother. There's nothing wrong with that. He might be in SlytherinBut James caught his mother's eye and fell silent. The five Potters approached the barrier. With a slightly cocky look over his shoulder at his younger brother, James took the trolley from his mother and broke into a run. A moment later, he had vanished.You'll write to me, won't you? Albus asked his parents immediately, capitalizing on the momentary absence of his brother.Every day, if you want us to, said Ginny.Not every day, said Albus quickly, James says most people only get letters from home about once a month.We wrote to James three times a week last year, said Ginny.And you don't want to believe everything he tells you about Hogwarts, Harry put in. He likes a laugh, your brother.Side by side, they pushed the second trolley forward, gathering speed. As they reached the barrier, Albus winced, but no collision came. Instead, the family emerged onto platform nine and three-quarters, which was obscured by thick white steam that was pouring from the scarlet Hogwarts Express. Indistinct figures were swarming through the mist, into which James had already disappeared.Where are they? asked Albus anxiously, peering at the hazy forms they passed as they made their way down the platform.We'll find them, said Ginny reassuringly.But the vapor was dense, and it was difficult to make out anybody's faces. Detached from their owners, voices sounded unnaturally loud, Harry thought he head Percy discoursing loudly on broomstick regulations, and was quite glad of the excuse not to stop and say hello....I think that's them, Al, said Ginny suddenly.A group of four people emerged from the mist, standing alongside the very last carriage. Their faces only came into focus when Harry, Ginny, Lily, and Albus had drawn right up to them.Hi, said Albus, sounding immensely relieved.Rose, who was already wearing her brand-new Hogwarts robes, beamed at him.Parked all right, then? Ron asked Harry. I did. Hermione didn't believe I could pass a Muggle driving test, did you? She thought I'd have to Confound the examiner.No, I didn't, said Hermione, I had complete faith in you.As a matter of fact, I did Confund him, Ron whispered to Harry, as together they lifted Albus's trunk and owl onto the train. I only forgot to look in the wing mirror, and let's face it, I can use a Supersensory Charm for that.Back on the platform, they found Lily and Hugo, Rose's younger brother, having an animated discussion about which House they would be sorted into when they finally went to Hogwarts.If you're not in Gryffindor, we'll disinherit you, said Ron, but no pressure.Ron!Lily and Hugo laughed, but Albus and Rose looked solemn.He doesn't mean it, said Hermione and Ginny, but Ron was no longer paying attention. Catching Harry's eye, he nodded covertly to a point some fifty yards away. The steam had thinned for a moment, and three people stood in sharp relief against the shifting mist.Look who it is.Draco Malfoy was standing there with his wife and son, a dark coat buttoned up to his throat. His hair was receding somewhat, which emphasized the pointed chin. The new boy resembled Draco as much as Albus resembled Harry. Draco caught sight of Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ginny staring at him, nodded curtly, and turned away again.So that's little Scorpius, said Ron under his breath. Make sure you beat him in every test, Rosie. Thank God you inherited your mother's brains.Ron, for heaven's sake, said Hermione, half stern, half amused. Don't try to turn them against each other before they've even started school!You're right, sorry, said Ron, but unable to help himself, he added, Don't get too friendly with him, though, Rosie. Granddad Weasley would never forgive you if you married a pureblood.Hey!James had reappeared	 he had divested himself of his trunk, owl, and trolley, and was evidently bursting with news.Teddy's back there, he said breathlessly, pointing back over his shoulder into the billowing clouds of steam. Just seen him! And guess what he's doing? Snogging Victoire!He gazed up at the adults, evidently disappointed by the lack of reaction.Our Teddy! Teddy Lupin! Snogging our Victoire! Our cousin! And I asked teddy what he was doing CYou interrupted them? said Ginny. You are so like Ron CC and he said he'd come to see her off! And then he told me to go away. He's snogging her! James added as though worried he had not made himself clear.Oh, it would be lovely if they got married! whispered Lily ecstatically. Teddy would really be part of the family then!He already comes round for dinner about four times a week, said Harry Why don't we just invite him to live with us and have done with it?Yeah! said James enthusiastically. I don't mind sharing with Al C Teddy could have my room!No, said Harry firmly, you and Al will share a room only when I want the house demolished.He checked the battered old watch that had once been Fabian Prewett's.It's nearly eleven, you'd better get on board.Don't forget to give Neville our love! Ginny told James as she hugged him.Mum! I can't give a professor love!But you know NevilleCJames rolled his eyes.Outside, yeah, but at school he's Professor Longbottom, isn't he? I can't walk into Herbology and give him love....Shaking his head at his mother's foolishness, he vented his feelings by aiming a kick at Albus.See you later, Al. Watch out for the thestrals.I thought they were invisible? You said they were invisible! but James merely laughed, permitted his mother to kiss him, gave his father a fleeting hug, then leapt onto the rapidly filling train. They saw him wave, then sprint away up the corridor to find his friends.Thestrals are nothing to worry about, Harry told Albus. They're gentle things, there's nothing scare about them. Anyway, you won't be going up to school in the carriages, you'll be going in the boats.Ginny kissed Albus good-bye.See you at Christmas.Bye, Al, said Harry as his son hugged him. Don't forget Hagrid's invited you to tea next Friday. Don't mess with Peeves. Don't duel anyone till you're learned how. And don't let James wind you up.What if I'm in Slytherin?The whisper was for his father alone, and Harry knew that only the moment of departure could have forced Albus to reveal how great and sincere that fear was.Harry crouched down so that Albus's face was slightly above his own. Alone of Harry's three children, Albus had inherited Lily's eyes.Albus Severus, Harry said quietly, so that nobody but Ginny could hear, and she was tactful enough to pretend to be waving to Rose, who was now on the train, you were named for two headmasters of Hogwarts. One of them was a Slytherin and he was probably the bravest man I ever knew.But just sayCCthen Slytherin House will have gained an excellent student, won't it? It doesn't matter to us, Al. But if it matter to you, you'll be able to choose Gryffindor over Slytherin. The Sorting Hat takes your choice into account.Really?It did for me, said Harry.He had never told any of his children that before, and he saw the wonder in Albus's face when he said it. But how the doors were slamming all along the scarlet train, and the blurred outlines of parents swarming forward for final kisses, last-minute reminders, Albus jumped into the carriage and Ginny closed the door behind him. Students were hanging from the windows nearest them. A great number of faces, both on the train and off, seemed to be turned toward Harry.Why are they all staring? demanded Albus as he and Rose craned around to look at the other students.Don't let it worry you, said Ron. It's me, I'm extremely famous.Albus, Rose, Hugo, and Lily laughed. The train began to more, and Harry walked alongside it, watching his son's thin face, already ablaze with excitement. Harry kept smiling and waving, even though it was like a little bereavement, watching his son glide away from him....The last trace of steam evaporated in the autumn air. The train rounded a corner. Harry's hand was still raised in farewell.He'll be alright, murmured Ginny.As Harry looked at her, he lowered his hand absentmindedly and touched the lightning scar on his forehead.I know he will.The scar had not pained Harry for nineteen years. All was well.,200,Deathly Hallows,37										
